He's flailing and failing when you think of it. He's a flailing president, and he's a failing president hoping that something sticks because they have nothing to campaign on. They have absolutely nothing. His administration has been a complete and total failure, whether it's Afghanistan where we lost 13 soldiers, 38 wounded horrifically with the arms, the legs, $85 billion worth of equipment left behind, and hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars of harm.
We need more money for Lake Okeechobee. You don't care about Lake Okeechobee. Lake Okeechobee is pretty far away, but he wants more, but that's what a Governor should be doing, right? When you think about it. I could get angry at him. I can say that's enough, but he's somebody that wants it. And you two Senators, by the way, Marco and Rick, they're doing a great job, and they're right now in Washington, fighting for our new Supreme Court justice, OK. Marco and Rick, great people, they're great people.
Those numbers are much higher. They, right now, would go off the ceiling. And that's what happened to our country in a short period of time, three and a half years. But look at that number and look at that arrow. So, anyway, much more importantly right now, I say -- I'm talking about illegal immigration real quick.
But think of what we've done. Prices are all down. I don't think there's any price, other than we have a real, terrible, terrible head of the fed. And if he brought down interest -- you know, in Europe, the European Union, they've lowered their interest rate now 11 times and we haven't lowered ours at all.
This is not good news, but what is good news is that he is the greatest fighter and winner that you will ever meet. Rush Limbaugh, thank you for your decades of tireless devotion to our country. And, Rush, in recognition of all that you have done for our nation, the millions of people a day that you speak to and that you inspire, and all of the incredible work that you have done for charity, I am proud to announce tonight that you will be receiving our country's highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Why are we sending them money? [Applause] A lot of changes have been made in this country in less than two years, I will tell you that. A lot of changes. And really good changes -- changes that people like you, with common sense and smarts, fully understand. And that's why we're liking where we are and the country is changing very rapidly for the better.
And now, they're finding out, "Gee, we're not allowed to -- " You know, the police aren't allowed to talk rough to you, or the police gets arrested. I mean, if the police -- if the police people do their job, they end up losing their pension. They end up losing their families. They end up losing their house, their car.
You're going to say, please. I said, nope, nope, we're going to keep winning. We're going to Make America Great Again. But by that time, I'll be able to take the again off. We're going to just have America be great, OK? So that's it. Go ahead, Al.
But we rebuilt our entire military. I mean, I hate to say this, we gave $85 billion dollars of it to the Taliban in Afghanistan. And probably the most embarrassing single moment in the history of our country, which I believe led to Russia going in. They would have never done that with us, but I believe it led to that and led to a lot of bad things.
No good. No good. So don't wait. Vote early for Scott Walker. Tremendous guy. Leah -- Leah, would you come up here, please? Just quickly. Come up. She's so incredible. Come here. Come here. This is unscheduled, but I want to say it. [Audience chants Leah] Say something just for a second.
When thinking about her e-mail destruction, let's not forget: many foreign and corporate entities, and other special interests, with business before Hillary Clinton's State Department were making massive financial contributions. These contributions were made to both the Clinton Foundation and to the Clintons directly.
This could be a Venezuela but much, much, much bigger. It could happen, it could happen. You see these people, you see what they're saying, you see Portland, where they have anarchists through the streets, and it's all Democrat-run areas, no Republican areas. It's all Democrat-run areas, that's where you have it.
A complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections. [Applause]
In August, Texas police arrested a serial illegal immigrant rapist, who'd been deported five times. His victims included one 68- year-old woman with a cane, who took his offer to drive her home. Raped her. He left her on the side of a dirt road. Horrible, horrible condition.
It was terrible. And, Derrick, I want to thank you very much for being here. You're doing a great job, but they had a hell of a time, right?
And welfare and other charges were increasing at levels that nobody has ever seen before. So you would have had double and maybe 50 percent, maybe -- maybe literally more than they've ever seen. Welfare was going up. Everything was going up. Government jobs were going up, real jobs were going down. So you would have had that catastrophe.
So essentially, a middle class family with two children will get about a 35% tax reduction. Isn't that nice? It's about time. The middle class in our country has been devastated. And by the way, crooked Hillary wants to raise your taxes up to the sky. She wants to raise with the highest tax nation in the world.
Of course, Biden got a lot of money from China, you know? They never say that. The fake news never talks about it. Somebody, if that were me -- if that were me, I'd be excoriated. Remember, I said at the debate -- I said, "Let me ask you. How come the mayor of Moscow's wife paid this man $3.5 million?" And Chris Wallace said, "Well, please don't ask him that question."
I don't know, it could be all of them. This guy is so damn bad, it could be all of them. He's so bad, I think we're going to win them all. All across America, millions of people in so-called blue states are joining our movement based on love, intelligence, and a thing called common sense. And no one has more common sense than the tough, strong, incredible, brilliant people of New Jersey.
Biggest since Reagan, actually, bigger than Reagan. On regulations, were going to eliminate every single wasteful regulation that undermines the ability of our workers and our companies to compete. The regulation business is a disaster in our country. We're going to get rid of all of the unnecessary regulations.
November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together we will make America powerful again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America wealthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America healthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America strong again. [Audience responds affirmatively]
And what is sad is that African-Americans have given so much to this country. They fought and died in every war since the revolution. They've lifted up the conscience of our nation in the civil rights movement. They've sacrificed so much for the national good. Now is the time to put a new agenda into action that expands opportunity, ensures equality, and that protects the rights of each and every citizen including African-American citizens.
[Audience shouts "Boo"] I think I got a great [Inaudible] You know what? Tom Grady likes me and the people of Massachusetts found out that Tom Brady likes Trump and Belichick likes Trump and all this stuff. I won by almost 50% with all these people. With all these people. So I came ask Massachusetts. But how the hell do you live Massachusetts?
Remember Jonathan Gruber. Do we remember the name? I don't ever forget. Jonathan Gruber the architect of the bill admitted it was sold on lies. Remember that? He thought he was talking to his friend.
Thank you. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. You see, when they go after people with bullshit, they become -- they become very popular. And that's what happened to Ken. Ken -- Now, Ken was made to suffer for a long period of time, but it worked out very well. And I stuck by him and other people stuck by him, some of the people right there stuck by him, including that one right there.
But they gave me a drug, Moderna. Who the hell knows? This was, oh, uh, this was a very -- Moderna makes it. I'll tell you who makes it really a great version, they say. Eli Lilly. Right? Regeneron. And they gave it to me and I woke up the next morning and I felt I could've taken the toughest, meanest person in this room.
But that's OK. That's what my life has been about for the last 10 years. And that's good because we love you. We're going to turn it all around for you. Under Kamala Harris, 13,099 illegal aliens, convicted murderers are on the loose in the United States. Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history.
Thank you very much. Wow. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much. Wow. What a crowd this is. Look at this. These are incredible people. They're incredible people. Unbelievable. So many people outside would like to let them in. Would anybody like to give up their seat or their standing area? Well, a very special hello to Allentown, a great place.
She loves MS-13. Can you imagine? Remember? I said they're animals, and she said, How dare you say that? How dare you say that? Have you seen what they've done? Have you seen what they are doing to us? And we're taking them out of our country by the thousands -- out, out by the thousands.
I would think he probably talked about appointing her as the Attorney General if Hillary wins this election, and you're not allowed to do that. And they were very embarrassed. And they thought it would be something where they could sneak on and sneak off. And I've had a plane for a long time, I've never had anybody stop it, get on, come off, on the tarmac. Doesn't happen. And then you have the Director of the FBI and some of the greatest people in the world... [Booing]
Worst than they've ever been. The waiting list as of this morning, I just saw a report -- you know, they had the big thing when they had the scandal. Because this is the most corrupt thing you've ever seen. And this is why I'm angry at John McCain for two reasons.
Look, they're so excited. They won't sit down. Just sit down already, but -- but you know, you get these killers -- look, they'll be standing up in about two seconds. Well, that's a compliment, right? It should be a compliment, right? It's very nice and I appreciate it but relax, relax. What the hell else do we have to do tonight?
We will also pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. If China or any other country charges us a 100 or 200 percent tax, then we will charge them a 100 or 200 percent tax in return. It's called an eye for an eye. And you know what's going to happen? They're not going to charge us any more tax. That's going to happen.
Radical left-wing democrats, they cancel your law license and the FBI agents go and raid your home like they did to Rudy Giuliani. Think of it, he was the greatest mayor in the history of the city. He took a city that was almost as bad as it is now with crime and he solved the problem and he made it a hot, great place.
So they come in -- not a good deal. We're not making a good deal there. But they are coming in with hundreds of -- you have to see this. The numbers they're staggering. Get shipped all over the United States and then people say, oh, the wall doesn't work. You ask Israel whether or not a wall works. Believe me. A wall properly done, a Trump wall, a Trump wall works.
They broke the barriers, they conquered the unknown dangers. They pushed into uncharted frontiers, and they made America into the greatest nation in the history of the world. But now, we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years and where the stock market finished the worst first half of the year since 1872. Likewise, we are a nation that has the highest energy cost in its history.
I'm not angry at the Democrats because we understand the Democrats because we understand the Democrats because we understand where they're coming from. I'm angry at where they're coming from. I'm angry at where they're coming from. I'm angry at the Republicans because the Republicans, the Republicans because the Republicans, the Republicans because the Republicans roll over and they just allow all of the roll over and they just allow all of the roll over.
It's -- they're just -- they don't understand. They've destroyed the -- the image of media now is at the lowest point it's ever been. It's lower than Congress. Can you believe that? It's something. But together, with many of you in the room, we've brought back the fundamental principle that defending the homeland is the military's first and most important priority.
I am asking you to reject the cynics and to dream big, because with your vote -- we are just four days, can you believe it? Four days, this started on June 16th of last year. It seemed like it was never going to end. Seventeen people, 17 people, one by one, by one, they said Donald Trump is inexperienced.
I think I gave it to Corey. We give Afghanistan now billions of dollars. I said, "I didn't know that." Billions of dollars in aid, a number that is so astronomical. And this goes on a yearly basis, and they need it for humanitarian and all of that. That's good. But let them give us back our equipment. They ought to give us back some of our equipment.
The turnaround and the strength of Indiana has been incredible. And I learned that when I campaigned there and I learned that when I won that state in a landslide and I learned that when Governor Pence, under tremendous pressure from establishment people, endorsed somebody else. But it was more of an endorsement for me if you remember.
And they're coming into our cities and our small towns here in Pennsylvania and all over the country. These towns are petrified. Even if they're not there yet, they will be there because you have millions of people we're dealing with. No country -- this is not sustainable by any country in total. Listen to these numbers, though.
They got badly hurt. But we raised, $4.5 million, $5 million for the family. So, I think it's good. And that's out of love for what they do. I mean, you know, this is the greatest movement in the history of our country, and we have to take care of our people, right? We have to take care of our people.
A friend of mine builds auto plants. And I said, you know, about a year ago, a year and a half ago, I said, "I want to see an auto plant," he said, "OK, when do you want to do it?" I said any time. He said, "You'll have to come to Mexico." I said, "Why Mexico?" He said, "Because that's where the big ones are being built."
You have a great governor in this state. You know that, right? You have a great -- but we went around the state, and it was so beautiful. And I'd say, "When will I be there?" "Approximately two and a half hours." "Oh, great. Thank you." It's a big state. It's a beautiful state, and we love it. And we've won it every time by a lot. [Applause] So, I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible place, this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hard-working American patriots, which is what you are.
I said, "That's all I want. I want people to work because we went back and we did great." And then the vote comes in and it was looking great, and then all of a sudden, this horrible thing happened. And by the way, it's all down. People know it. We had judges that didn't want to get involved. They were afraid.
You have to fight so hard. I had a big meeting today on ethanol and the farmers, and it was an incredible meeting. And I sat around, and Chuck Grassley was there and Joni Ernst and John Thune and Mike Pounds [Rounds] and so many -- just a whole group of great people. And just sitting around the room. Ben Sasse, who's actually become very good over the last year -- we had a little arguments before, but doesn't matter -- Ben Sasse was there.
I hope the Senate will soon pass a bill the House can quickly approve and get to my desk. By the 4th of July, we'll have this done. And to further defend our auto workers, I imposed a 25 percent tariff on all foreign automobiles. Investment in American auto manufacturing is surging because of it. They have Mercedes all over.
Another major part of our agenda is immigration security. We need to protect American jobs, security and safety.[Applause]
That's good. Where are you doing well?" "Mexico." I said, "What about our country?" "Not so good." He said, "Donald, you have to see what we're doing in Mexico. We're building some of the greatest plants anywhere in the world." And I said, "Isn't this sad? Isn't this pathetic?" We're going to change it around.
You're challenged. In my first term, I defended, and like nobody, Christians against hate and bigotry. Nobody did what I did. And Marxist aggression. No president has ever done what I've done for Christians before. I restored religious liberty for doctors, nurses, teachers, and faith groups like the beautiful Little Sisters of the Poor.
The biggest winners from this transformation will be everyday families, from all backgrounds, from all walks of life, and our great companies, which will produce the jobs. They are going to produce jobs like you've never seen before.
They've been -- their rights have been taken away from literally. They're not allowed to do their job, but Pat Lin -- Lynch, say, he said the first time in history that they know of New York's finest have endorsed a candidate, the candidate is Donald Trump. The first time they've done it. And all over the country, the Sheriffs of Florida, all of Texas, all over the country, Ohio, law enforcements endorsing Trump.
I also want to thank our Acting VA Secretary, Peter O Rourke, for doing such a fantastic job in the meantime, holding down the fort until Wilkie got approved. And Peter is going to be joining the whole team, and they are doing numbers, and they are doing a job, with Choice and with all of the other things that we've gotten approved. They're doing some job for our vets. It was a very important commitment that I made to you during the campaign, and we're fulfilling that commitment.
They're enemies, natural enemies. Russia doesn't want -- I said, "Let them finish off the final two. Let's get the hell out of there." I wanted to get out after 20 years of ridiculous spending of billions and trillions of dollars. And the fake news said, "He didn't finish the job, it's 98%." I figured, let them take out the two.
You know, I used to hear this four years ago all the time. "He cannot win the great state of Ohio. He must win --" We won by eight points. Trump has never done this before, he cannot win Texas, under no circumstances, he cannot win Texas. We won, I don't know, by a lot, whatever it was. Remember Utah? We had the guy from Utah?
People think of it as a business, but it's on their personal tax returns. Those people, with those businesses, will be tremendous beneficiaries. [Applause] Sounds like many of you have those businesses.
] thank you, darling. I pray for you, too. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. But it's been -- it's been like a movement of love, you know. And it's like -- you know, when we first started, there used to be like some fights and there were problems where you have -- not much, but we had some. It's been -- and I don't want to -- I don't want to jinx it by saying, but it's been -- it's been like love.
And I'm raising for the Republican party. And we're getting a lot of money from the small donors.
Very bad. [Applause]
But the good news is the cameras follow it. That's the only way I could get the cameras to move so they'll be able to see how many thousands of people we have here, how many thousands of people are outside but the media is disgusting. [Applause] Let me tell you honestly, somebody said, what have you learned most. I've learned, number one, how great the American people are and, number two, how dishonest the media is, totally dishonest.
He was our -- he was not your typical ambassador. He was somebody who would say, "This is no good what's happening." And actually, it was a love-hate. They really loved him, but they said he's a smart one. He was wise to what they were doing. Ric Grenell. Where is Rick? Thank you. Thank you, Rick. And a woman who ran a very good race.
We believe that every American has the right to live by the dictates of their conscience and the teachings of their faith. We believe in the right to free exercise of religion. Thank you. [Audience chants "Four more years"]
I mean, I can't compare this to couple of guys that didn't even -- you know, they had no money. They got zeros, right? They were all at zero. I mean, you had so many guys at zero, they stayed for the following week. Zero, zero, zero. I said, how many times can they stay at zero? I spent less money than anybody else, and I had, by far, the best results, massive victories, landslides, right?
If he comes in, Carson City will become a ghost town and the Christmas season will be canceled. Look, remember, I said we're going to bring back Christmas? The name, remember, we brought it back, remember? I used to go around saying we will bring because I saw these big department stores. You know they thought it was politically correct, so they say have a great season.
And now this is called not recovery; this is called rocketship, what's happening.
ISIS also threatens peaceful Muslims across the Middle East, and peaceful Muslims across the world, who have been terribly victimized by horrible brutality -- and who only want to raise their kids in peace and safety. In short, Hillary Clinton's tryout for the presidency has produced one deadly foreign policy disaster after another.
We have to see what happens with US. We can't get Nancy Pelosi to approve USMCA. That's between Canada, the United States. It's a phenomenal deal for us. Democrats threw open America's borders to the deadly drugs and ruthless gangs that are all over the place, to mass illegal immigration, which hurts the black community so badly.
We had it going so beautifully, and then these stupid people came along and ended it. We're going to be the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we can do it so easy. We're going to rebuild our cities into beacons of hope and safety and beauty, better than they have ever been before. And we will end the migrant crime epidemic, demolish the foreign drug cartels.
They're flying in over the border. So, they don't want to stop them because they're continuing the flights into our country. I will get every migrant criminal out of our country and I'll get them out fast. We have to, we have no choice. And they're taking over our country. You see what they're doing? Kamala Harris's border invasion is also crushing the jobs and wages of African American workers and Hispanic American workers and also union members.
And now, for the first time in 65 years, we are a net exporter of energy. After 24 months of rapid progress, our economy is the envy of the world, our military is the most powerful on earth, and America is winning each and every day. Members of Congress: the State of our Union is Strong. Our country is vibrant and our economy is thriving like never before.
He's all shut down again, can you believe it? He's going lid. You know what lead means. Lid means a politician who goes into, I guess, a garbage can or something. Put the lid -- they put the lid on it, right? I guess -- I don't know, maybe it's something else. It sounds -- no, there's an expression, they kept saying, sir the vice -- our Vice President Pence is working his ass off, I'm telling you.
In 1943, he volunteered for another dangerous mission. On his way back, he and his crew were caught in a violent storm, and their plane began to stall. Sergeant Levin's final act was one of selfless sacrifice. He unfastened the life raft and gave it to his fellow airmen. As they jumped out of the crashing plane, he shouted, "I hope you make it. I hope you make it." Three American airmen survived that day because of Sergeant Levin's extraordinary valor.
And we're not finished. We're not finished yet. We're not finished. Two weeks ago, I announced that we are replacing the horrible, disgusting, terrible, terrible NAFTA deal with an incredible brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement, the USMCA. All done. Great deal. Got to be approved by Congress, but even the Democrats like it. Can you believe that?
I really believe. I really believe. So if you look at Rubio. He was a member of the Gang of Eight. And Rubio wants amnesty. Give everybody amnesty. This just so you understand. Just so you understand. These are lightweights. These are not people that can take us to the promised land. These are not people.
But it looks like, it looks like they're running, you know, a major corporation. And it's really a problem because -- and I understand how the system works, and that's sort of the way the system works. But the way we have to do it is we have to go in and check it because what's happening in the colleges, they're taking this money and the next year they go up and the government gives more money to the school.
This is what Hillary Clinton did for your state. According to the Economic Policy Institute, Michigan ranks first for jobs lost as a share of workforce due to the trade deficit with TPP members. OK? [Booing]
If I'm not here, your Second Amendment is gone and I'm talking about all over the country, forget about just Virginia. So I said let's give Virginia a shot. We're nearby, right? I even said we'll bring in the heavy artillery, we'll bring in our great Vice President, Mike Pence. Did he do a good job? [Audience responds "Yeah"] I'll tell you what, Kamala, Kamala [Audience Boos] is no Mike Pence.
Our police are great. We're going to give them back their authority. It's been taken away. They destroy our police. They take away their house, their family, their car. They take away their pension. They want to do their job. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again.
I mean, you know I have -- I have employees that work in different parts of Latin America, South America, Mexico, in parts of Europe that actually are not doing well. And I say what are you gonna do when you retire? Oh, Mr. Trump, I'm going back home. Really? You are -- They'll leave like, great areas.
Same-day voting, all paper ballots. You'll save a lot of money, OK? You'll save a lot of money. And voter ID, everybody. You know, the Democrats, when they had their convention, they had a thing that they carried. It was like this big, and it was a card. It had their fingerprints. It had their fingers, their face, it had side views.
Hey, I don't want your money. I don't want your money. Because -- I don't know, maybe I'll rethink it. Should I rethink it? Take it.
There was a lot of pressure put on them. So I just said, "Tell them I'll call them back next week." So on Monday I signed it, and then on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday I called everybody back. "Hi, how are you doing? What's up?" [Laughter] "Well, we didn't want you to do..." I said, "Oh, I'm sorry. Gee, it's too late." I said, "What can I do? What can I do?" "What can I do?" For years you watched as your leaders apologized for America.
And the beautiful thing about what happened is now people can see how bad it can go and how quickly it can be taken away. And we can't let that happen. We can't let that happen. And to think -- to think that we were all set -- I'll tell you what, we would have had a deal with Iran in one week, one week. [Audience chants "We love you"]
They'll take away your guns. You're not going to have protection and other reasons that you want guns. So the gunowners have to vote. The Christians, the evangelicals have to go out. They have to vote. So I'm asking everybody to go out, and we have to swamp. You know the word swamp? I fired Comey. I fired a lot of people.
Is that true, Howard?
And then they said nothing happened. Bill Barr didn't want to be impeached. He didn't want to be impeached. How do you not get impeached? Nothing happened. I thought the election was fine. The rather respected Bill McSwain, the respected U.S. attorney from Pennsylvania. McSwain called me, wanted my endorsement because he was running for governor.
I call them myself in many cases, I said, take your fighters, they said we don't want them, you take them. I said no, no, no, we did you a big favor. They're citizens of Germany, they're citizens of France, they're citizens of these various countries in Europe, take your fighters. We don't want them, sir.
So, if it's successful, you'll have to sell it because you don't have the cash. It's a huge success. You're going to make a lot of money in the future. We don't care about the future, sell your company now, and bad things happen. By the way, nobody's tried it. It's a communist kind of thing, you know that? [Audience responds "Oh, yeah."
Came from China. In the early stages of the foreign outbreak, I ordered sweeping travel restrictions to prevent uncontrolled spread of this disease. I took a lot of heat, because I did it very early. You know, we had never done it before, Matt. Never done it before. And we had never done anything like that before.
I said, well, the fake news says I'm up four. I said -- he said you're not up four and I won it buy a lot last time. Remember last time with you, with Texas, with many states? It's too close to call, we don't know, and then boom. The polls closed, they say, Trump won, Trump won, Trump won. We won a lot and I won Pennsylvania.
See, they may have a better seat, but I'd rather have your seat. Our front row, Joe's open. Since that moment, all of the hatred, rage and contempt, the radical left has for you, your values and this nation has been very much directed on me. And again, they want you. They're not getting you. They're not even getting close.
They control incredibly, the Department of Justice. [Booing]
Our steel towns became ghost towns. More than 70,000 hardworking Americans lost their jobs, their hope and their way of life. You people know it better than anybody. Other countries cheated and broke the rules. they subsidized their industries. They targeted our factories, our workers, our country.
This isn't what it was 25 years ago.
They had no idea. If you took the 10 -- the worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as Joe Biden and the Biden administration has done. If you want to save America from crooked Joe, then get every patriot and get them out to vote in their local caucus meeting on Thursday, February 8th. Go with Michael McDonald and all of the great people that are working so hard to turn your state around.
You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in. Right? Right? Right? Do the vets agree with me? Right? You understand. I mean, it's so obvious folks. We're going to have problems like you've never had before. We're being infiltrated. That's what's happening. We are being infiltrated, and it's going to happen.
We love you too. Even with that powerful man's voice. I love that guy. I think I'm in love. Thank you. Thank you very much and thank you, thank you. Thank you for taking -- Doctor, thank you for such a good job. Thank you very much. Under my administration, we're reversing years of failed trade policies that crushed Pennsylvania's middle class.
So it's called the snake. So remember this pertains to people coming across our border. This pertains to people coming in from Syria that we have no idea who they are. Remember they cut the heads off people. They drown people in steel cages by the thousands. They're drowning people 25 at a time in steel cages.
Thank you, Mark. What a great job, what a great job. How are we doing, OK? We're doing all right here, right, huh? Thank you very much. You're doing good. Thank you, Mark, very much. We're also -- a man who is a fighter, he's -- but if he loses, I will never talk to him again. And he's the Nevada Republican party Chairman, respected by everybody, loved by everybody, Michael McDonald, Michael.
It's thousands of pages long and almost no one understands it. The average American would need an army of accountants and lawyers to wade through -- and wade through it. Many so-called experts, due to their sheer size and complexity of the code, don't have a clue what these pages represent. These are experts -- they get payed and they don't even know what it represents.
They do. They do. And even after birth in some cases. She claimed I want to monitor women's pregnancies. I don't want to do that. I don't want to -- it's a total lie. I don't want to do that. Women, I won't be following you around to the hospital, monitoring. No, she made it up. She's a liar. She doesn't work at McDonald's.
Who are these people who want our country to be destroyed? We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the US just as the price of oil reached an all time high. What other country would do such a foolish thing? What other country would be so self-destructive? Can we be energy independent, even dominant again?
I'll tell you a little bit. My father was a good guy. He taught me how to negotiate a little bit and he was a really good guy. Oh, by the way, by the way, this little Rubio guy said my father gave me $200 million. My sister called me up. She said, no, are you kidding? My brother called up. What the hell?
I don't know what Cruz is saying but these two guys are in big trouble. They're in big trouble. Yeah. It's almost like who cares but they're in big trouble. Rubio's won nothing. He couldn't get elected dog catcher in Florida. They hate him in the state of Florida. No, no, think of it. He's a politician. Chris went over it, never votes, never anything, he couldn't right now if he ran for office in Florida, he wouldn't get elected to any office.
When these guys... and you can ask the Disney folks, you can ask the people that came up, who were just killed at Disney. Killed. Where they're being replaced. They have to change jobs. They have to train people. You... and you heard the story. You know who was in charge of that and the biggest proponent of doing that is little Marco Rubio.
A few days ago, a four year old boy was shot while getting a haircut for his first day in school. His mother was so proud of him, he was getting a cut, he was shot. Recently a pregnant mother was shot in the head and horribly murdered. Her unborn baby was miraculously saved. Under a Republican Congress we should pass emergency funding to hire thousands and thousands more police officers nationwide to put violent criminals behind bars and keep them behind bars and also leave our police alone.
Thank you Bobby Knight. Boy, did Bobby Knight help. Boy, did Bobby Knight. That was a Coach Knight, 900 wins. But when I won all of these states, I really got to know. Even New York said I knew it well. I knew there were tremendous problems upstate New York but I had no idea. When I toured those upstate areas of Albany and Rome, the real Rome, Rome New York.
Nobody knew anything about it. We figured it out. There's no testing, there's no anything. You can't get anything. And the testing has been a disaster. They said, now -- can you imagine if you own a testing company and you go up and said say, "No, no, no, I want $150 a test." And the government, number one, they'll just say, "Whatever you want." They just want to do anything to get the test.
Every single one of you know that if these ballots are properly audited, if the signatures and envelopes were examined, if the envelopes were correlated to the votes -- Because you'll find there are far more ballots than there are envelopes, all you have to do is count them up. How many ballots do you have?
Who's going to do that? And there's a reason for it. Through our historic relief programs, we've saved more than half a million Nevada jobs and over 42,000 Nevada businesses. We've saved 42,000 of your businesses. Biden would terminate this comeback and put your families at great danger. He would reimpose the federal regulations, destroy your Social Security, destroy protracted -- and you know, he's he's looking at doing all of this stuff.
We're going to do it, and quickly. We're going to do it quickly. And when we win, it will be considered the greatest political victory in American history. You know that? I saw that. You know, I saw that. I've never really said it that way. I've said it in a lot of different ways, but not that way. And I saw one of these Democrat, I guess, congressmen in this case.
Good. Thank you very much. Would you like to say something? Go ahead. Please.
Before I even arrived at the Oval Office, shortly after I win the presidency, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled. It'll get settled very fast. We want to have people not be killed. They're killing hundreds of thousands of people, horrible. Would have never started if I were president, so many things.
I appreciate your being here. And we're also joined by a friend of mine -- just got married -- just got married. And Candace Owens -- I watched her, and I saw her coming. I said -- you know, I'm pretty good at star power. I look, and I say, "That's a star." Every once in a while, I'll see somebody.
We are going to win in the state of Virginia. If we win in the state of Virginia, we are going to the White House, and we are going to take care of our people. We are going for victory. We must win on November 8. Together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.
I believe that. I believe that. We're protecting or there would have been no way we could have won, right? People said, how do you win? You don't have the media, you have so many things against you, and we win. So, there has to be something, has to be something, and 2016 I've often said there's never been and there really hasn't been.
And somebody released it, a whistleblower or somebody released it. But they released something far more sinister, because if you go back a few weeks, you remember they created 818,000 fake jobs. They didn't exist. And they put them down as though they did. So, that instead of having today's problem, which is 12,000, which is like terrible, it looked OK.
And these are serious establishment types. I also said just now Corey I'm not sure that's a good thing or a bad thing, frankly. And I don't even care that much. It doesn't matter. We want to just, very simple, Make America Great Again. So I'll see you, folks, in a little while and I'll see you specifically at our third meeting where we can have a good time.
A tremendous amount of people missing and dying, and a horrible thing -- what a horrible hurricane that was. It was a water hurricane, more water than we've ever experienced from one storm. And it created rivers out of valleys. I mean, rivers that were 25-feet high and running down like rapids. It destroyed just about everything.
That was the end of him. And the other thing you know, I love studying the -- if you take a look, I mean, the wars, I don't know what it is. The Civil War was so fascinating, so horrible. It was so horrible, but so fascinating. I don't know, it was just different. I just find it. I'm so attracted to seeing it. So, many mistakes were made.
He endorsed Donald Trump. I want to tell you that was a great honor. Sarah Palin, she -- everybody wants Sarah's endorsement, a great woman and a great -- I'll tell you what, that is a great person endorsed Donald Trump. So we're going to have the borders and we're going to have our trade. When we started, I talked about borders, I talked about trade.
We're going to be a great nation again. [Audience chants " U.S. A."]
And we're doing it now at levels never seen before. And the results are going to be even better, even better because we've been abused by friend and foe, and in many cases, friend has abused us more so than foe on trade. So, I want to just let you know you're going to be very proud of this country very soon.
So it's hundreds of billions of dollars. And out of that, we're going to give a portion of it to our farmers, because these are great patriots. These are people that don't want anything. They just want a fair playing surface. And our farmers are doing -- going to do really well. I mean, they're doing well, but they're going to do really well.
Any remnants up there? Them -- there may be a remnant. Oh, no, it's only the same people coming down the stairs. Now, there's a remnant. Yeah, he's right there. OK. Yeah. Throw them out. Throw them out into the cold. You know, don't give him that coat. No coats. No coats. Confiscate their coat. You know you can't win -- by the way just to finish.
Wow. [Audience chants "USA"]
America is being respected again on the world stage. We're rebuilding our very depleted military -- $700 billion. And next year, $716 billion. [Applause] We had to do it. And obviously, defense is number one, but you know what else it is? Jobs. Lots of jobs, because we build our equipment. So it's lots of jobs.
To bring back our jobs from other countries, we passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history. We've cut a record number of job killing regulations. No President, no matter how long they serve, has gotten anywhere even close to what we've done with regulations and that's one of the reasons our economy is so good.
[Video] Y -- you said it on tape.
Without even -- without even closing the big deal, which is the presidency, I've already got it done. Of course, if she got in, she has no idea what the hell she's doing. She's grossly incompetent, worse than him. Then I cannot tell you what's going to -- I can tell you. They'll build -- they'll build the plant, I can tell you, but it's already done.
I was at a meeting with many, many pastors and ministers. God bless America. You're right. Good man. Stand up. [Inaudible] I like that, I like to hear that. And by the way, when it's Christmas, we're going to start saying Merry Christmas again, folks. OK? You better believe it. You haven't notice, the stores you go Christmas time, they'll have like a red wall and there won't be anything on it. And I have friends that frankly aren't Christian, and I'm Protestant.
A very unusual. I was very unusual at three, it's a record. But you know what, for a term. But you know what, the next could have just by statistically, one, two, three or four. So your whole court is as good as we're doing now, and if I didn't do this you wouldn't even have a second amendment. You wouldn't have a second amendment.
It could go approximately 2,000 miles. An electric truck could go approximately 300 miles. It's a slight difference. You talk about supply chain problems, right? So, you'll have to stop six or seven times in order to do what another truck is doing, and they don't care about that. The other day I left South Carolina, and I visited a big boat factory with a fantastic company.
So with one, I was too rough, the other one I'm too nice. And let me tell you, if I walked up to President Putin and started a boxing match, and I would have done just fine. But if I walked up to President Putin and started a boxing match, they would have said, he was too tough, this is terrible. In other words, makes no difference, makes no difference.
Thank you very much. We're going to do it. We're going to do it." She got up and they put an eighth of an ounce on one side, an eighth of an ounce on the other, these big barbells, and she got it up. OK. Didn't work. OK? I don't have to go through the whole thing, right? She couldn't. And then this young lady came up, who was a young gentleman a short time before, and he walks up to the barbells.
That's very good. He's the king of soccer. That's not bad. And you've done a fantastic job. You know, but it's very interesting, when I was president, I got the World Cup and I got all of the -- you know, we have the 250 anniversary, so that fell in this administration. That's a big deal: 250 years. But we have all of these things happening, and I also got the Olympics.
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, and won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And the best is yet to come.
I came to Minnesota, I took so much heat. They all said on television. What? He is going to Minnesota. You know, these guys have been saying this for me for two years, by the way. So far, in two years, I've been right and they've been wrong, OK? They've been saying, I can't believe he's going to Minnesota.
Middle name, past addresses, it's got everything. Otherwise, you can't get into the Democrat National Convention. But with voting, one of your most important things you can do, maybe in many ways your most important, they don't want to approve voter ID. That's because they want to cheat. But until then, Republicans must win.
We're going to do that. We're going to make it great. When I left for Washington eight years ago, we had a horrible mayor named de Blasio. He was a horrible, horrible -- and things you could see, they weren't being properly done. But still, it was a place that people wanted to be and all. But since then, our federal government, what they've done to this place, what they've done to the state -- and I mean, to force hundreds of thousands of really rough people into this beautiful -- I call it a beautiful oasis.
And we're thinking of something that's unique. We're talking about the southern border, lots of sun, lots of heat. We're thinking about building the wall as a solar wall so it creates energy and pays for itself. [Applause] And this way, Mexico will have to pay much less money. And that's good, right? Is that good. [Applause] You're the first group I've told that to, a solar wall. Makes sense. Let's see. We're working it out. We'll see. Solar wall, panels, beautiful.
I heard one state. Did you hear this?, "We're going to open our schools on November 6th." Oh, I told you that, right? Everything's so worried about it, Pennsylvania, your state's going to be open like on November 4th. This was some idiot. And now they're excoriating this person that said it. Their excoriating the person that said it.
Amazing. There's no place I'd rather be than with all of you here tonight, with the wonderful, hardworking citizens of our country. [Applause] I would much rather spend time with you than any of the pundits, consultants, or special interests, certainly -- or reporters from Washington, D.C. [Applause]
begin but they come up and they say you don't really mean you're gonna build a
That, I do believe. A very good friend, the head of my campaign, from the day I ran, he called, he said, "I want to run your campaign." I said, "Well, I'm not very experienced. I'd never done this before." But he liked me, and he saw something, I guess. Dan Patrick, he's a fantastic man. And, Dan, we're doing OK, I hear? Good.
No, they have a great marriage, and they're, uh, and they get along great. They're best friends. They have a very special relationship. But Jared, uh, has been so helpful. He, uh, he really did something very special. He established the Abraham Accords with a group of very wonderful people. I like calling it the Abraham Accords because people that -- What?
Then we put in the ship. Unfortunately, Governor Cuomo barely used it. If he would have used it for our great seniors, he wouldn't have caused the death of 11,000 people, seniors. And 40,000 people overall. Slashed red-tape pioneered ground breaking therapies, reduced the fatality rate 85%. Think of that.
We don't do that. As tariffs on foreign countries go up, taxes on American workers and families will go very substantially down, and we'll bring businesses back to our country because people. they want to avoid paying the tariffs. It's very simple. It's what other countries do to us, and I had it going and then we had the gift from China, the COVID, come in. We did a phenomenal job in that.
And they're pushing it, the same people, grotesque and ludicrous narratives that just happened on -- and as to what happened on January 6, it was a simple protest. It got out of hand, and I will say one thing they don't talk about. They never show the size of the crowd. I believe it was the largest number of people I've ever spoken to. I'm not talking about the very small percentage of people that went down to the Capitol, many of whom did nothing wrong, and they're paying a big price because of this horrible situation that's taking place.
So, so when I began, when I began, it started off and I was talking about the border, I was talking about trade, I was talking about China, and I was talking about all of these countries that have been ripping us off and taking our money and just destroying us and leaving us poor and leaving us without jobs and all of the things that have happened, all of the things that are true.
But most people aren't a coach. So, Tom Brady and Bill Belichick, I want to thank you both. And go win a good Super Bowl or whatever you want to do. Boy, what a combination. Never been a better combination. But when you know them personally like I do, they're even better. Tomorrow, we are going to win the great state of New Hampshire and we are going to take back the White House.
Well, we got endorsed by a lot of great people. We got endorsed by great people. A lot of newspapers are endorsing us, because they know that Joe Biden is not up to this job. All you have to do is watch him for about five minutes. He is not up to this job. One thing I can tell you President Xi, Putin, Kim Jong-un, they're very sharp.
They don't talk about the money I raised. I was rude. And I wasn't. Actually I have a better relationship with every one of them than any other president has had, every one. And they respect us again. They respect us again. So NATO is very well-funded. These countries are starting to pay up. You got to pay up, folks. You got to pay up.
And everybody knows that. Jimmy Carter, by the way, did a report years ago. Please do never do mail-in ballots. Too many people touching it. Too many people -- where is it going? They send out millions, hundreds of millions of ballots. They go wherever the hell they go then they start pouring back.
We completely finished our original plan and then added much more wall and almost got that finished, too. Three weeks, they could have had it finished. In three weeks, think of it, it could have been completed. And that's when I realized something's wrong because they didn't want to do it. I said, "What is going on?" Thanks to the open-borders policies of the radical Democrats, every day, American communities suffer the spilling of innocent blood and the killing of innocent life.
You know, at MIT, my uncle was a professor there, Dr. John Trump. He would have fit in with this room very nicely, actually. That's why I mentioned it. And I believe he was the longest-serving professor in the history of MIT. He graduated -- we have a very intelligent family, actually. He graduated tremendously.
I really believe that. We're going to make it greater than ever before. And so when people like our friends, the front row Joe's that are traveling all over the country, I don't know what the hell they do for a living. They must have a lot of money. You must've been very successful. How many events have you guys gone to?
That's government. I mean, that's government. [Audience member calls out "The government suck"] It's -- like politicians, all talk no action. You'll never get it done. Believe me. Bridgeport lost more than 40% of his manufacturing jobs since 2001. When just what? When China joined the World Trade Organization.
We can soon have soaring incomes, skyrocketing wealth, millions and millions of new jobs, and a booming middle class. You know, we had the best four year period of any president in history. And that's despite the China virus coming in, despite the China virus. Instead of a manufacturing recession, we can have a manufacturing renaissance, which is what we want especially -- especially in this day.
But every one of them was celebrating. They had Victory Day, they called it Victory Day in Europe, Victory Day all over. And we weren't even thought about, nobody had a Victory Day, and so I named that special day and another special day from now on as a holiday, but a holiday where we work because we don't have enough days.
Under a Trump Administration, no American citizen will ever again feel that their needs come second to the citizens of foreign countries.
And they had numerous, many, they had Secretary of State on, Raffensperger. And they had many lawyers on the call, some ours, but many of them theirs. Not one person protested that call. There was no problem with that call. They didn't say, "Sir, I'm sorry. Please rephrase." It was only long time afterwards they said, "Let's see.
We are going to take care of our country. Wow, look at all the people up there. It's a big balcony. Hello, balcony. [Applause]
Our country is in trouble. Our jobs are a disaster. Our real number is 25%, not 5%. When you look for a job and can't get it, you quit. You look, you go home, you stay home with your wife or your husband. You no longer look. And you know what, statistically they think you're employed. We have a real problem.
It has been an incredible year for our country and for the Republican Party. And the accomplishments of our party in Congress are even more impressive because Democrats have stood in the way of progress every single day.
It's an important. So anyway, the guy goes and I say I don't want it. And he's sort of a friend of mine and he's leaving the office. I say, just out of curiosity, so what are you gonna do? He said, I'm gonna support somebody else. I said, why? Why? You could support me, but I just don't want your money. I can't take any money.
it is a distinct honor and a great privilege to present to you the next
It's not working that way, folks, and it's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. So we have 50 million people in poverty. We have 46 million people on food stamps. We've got tremendous problems with Obamacare. You know, your premiums in case you haven't noticed are up 45%, 38%. Some person said, "Well, it wasn't 45%, Mr. Trump," shouted out from the audience.
John McCain lost. Mitt Romney lost. I said this time we're gonna do it ourselves, folks. We're gonna win. We're gonna. But -- and we are going to win. But -- just don't even think about it. And before we forget, so we've won the nomination big by numbers that you can't believe. But you got to go out and vote in two weeks anyway because we want the mandate.
They know it's filthy, dirty. Paterson, New Jersey; Virginia; New York. Many, many cases all over the country just recent -- I'm talking about recently. And it's not even the Post Office, although the mailmen become very popular people, I have to tell you that. That's happened too. That's happened too -- even mailmen. But think about what they're doing to our country when they do this. We voted in World War One. We voted in World War Two. And now we can't vote anymore.
It's going to do great. They're all going to do -- I think it's great, but not 100 percent because they're going to be made in China, most of them, because that's where -- we have a thing under our feet. It's called oil and gas. I call it liquid gold. So, if you don't mind, we'll use that. And we're going to have hybrids.
Thank you.
That's true. But I was starting to say a little while ago that if I were, instead of leading by 30, 40 or 50 points or whatever, a lot if I were. I noticed Megan, I saw her a little while coming in. It's on the television and I was watching. She was great. And she said, you can't beat him. He's got like a 40 or 50 point lead.
You have to, by law, under the Constitution, you can't just do these deals and not get the approval. And your secretary of state, or whoever it was, made this horrible consent decree, horrible, which got rid of so much safety. It's a disgraceful thing. And it was only approved by your local, uh, politicians.
And I said to him, listen, Emmanuel, if you don't drop that tax immediately, no, no, I cannot do that.
And DeSanctimonious came to see me. "Would you do it?" Tears in his eyes. Nobody would even believe it. I don't know if he was wearing those same boots. I didn't notice that. I don't care either, that I don't care about. But tears in his eyes, he said, "Sir, if you endorse me, I think I could win." I said, Ron, you're doing so badly that if George Washington and Abraham Lincoln came back from the dead, and they endorsed you, and they would be your running mate, in some form, you're still going -- you're not going to make it. Said, "You're really popular in Florida.
We don't put up with it. We don't put up with it. We don't want -- we don't want that in our country. We're not going to have it in our country. They broke through. Think of it. They broke through the Mexican military and the Mexican police. They broke through. And by the way, these aren't babies. They broke through viciously.
After the baby was treated for opioid withdrawal, they brought home their new and very beautiful daughter, Catherine. Hi, Catherine. Hi. Come on up here, Catherine. Come on. Catherine is four years old, and she is full of incredible energy, spirit, and talent. At the age of two -- come on up, Catherine -- she memorized America the Beautiful. She recites poetry. And recently she announced to her dad that when she grows up she wants to be a famous police officer. And then, when she gets tired of that, she wants to become President. That's okay with her. She'll be President someday.
And we gave them the Right-to-Try. We gave them the right -- They were going to Asia, they were going to Europe. They're going all over the world. And if they had no money, they were just going home and dying. Most of them had no money. They go home and die. But we gave them a license. And it was very tough because the doctors didn't want it because they didn't want it on their records.
Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman," sighed the vicious snake. "I saved you," cried the woman, "and you've bitten me, but why? You know your bite is poisonous and now I'm going to die." "Shut up, silly woman," said the reptile with a grin. "You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in." The snake.
And by the way, you have very good police, but they're told not to do anything. It's not the police. Your police are great. But it's that they weren't allowed to do what they're supposed to be doing.
The corrupt political establishment is a machine, it has no soul. I knew these false attacks would come. I knew this day would arrive, it's only a question of when. And I knew the American people would rise above it and vote for the future they deserve. [Applause]
Andrew Gillum wants to throw open your borders to drug dealers, human traffickers, gang members, and criminal aliens. And Gillum supports deadly sanctuary cities. He wants to abolish ICE. And he signed an extreme left-wing pledge that supported an end to all borders. Oh, that's great. That's what we want.
The most tragic of all, they have dragged down an entire region with them. Countless lives were lost in the Iranian effort to maintain a crumbling regime in Syria. Look at what happened with Syria. In Lebanon, their Hezbollah proxies have pillaged the hopes of a nation whose capital, Beirut, was once called the Paris of the Middle East.
So, I'm in a different position than the other candidates because I'm the one candidate I don't want any of your money; I want your support but I don't want your money.
And Linda McMahon, everybody knows, administrator, small business became a big business under Linda. She's helping a lot of people. Thank you very much, Linda. [Applause]
They would strip Americans of their constitutional rights while flooding the country with illegal immigrants in the hopes it will expand their political base, and they'll get votes someplace down the future. That's what it's about. And we are building the wall. We're going to have over 400 miles of wall built by the end of next year.
It's a lot easier than you would think. They worked on this for 35 years. They had the wrong people. They had the wrong concepts, but, uh, you know, I got nominated for three Nobel Peace prizes. Can you believe it? Can you believe it? And, for all different regions, like Kosovo and Serbia were doing deals, you know, trade deals, just normally, were doing trade deals.
That we're back and that we're going to take our country back, and that we're going to have an amazing country again. And it's going to be run by really, really top of the line people. And we're going to run it the way we have to run it. And you're going to be so proud. And I hope that in two years, three years, four years, you're going to remember this meeting and, you're going to say that was a great meeting.
Who else would do that? Think of it. They're cutting production. We gave you the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts in American history. On the other hand, the radical left Democrat Congress has passed one of the largest tax hikes in American history. But they were still unable to pass legislation which affected the great tax cuts that we got you, biggest tax cuts, bigger than the Reagan tax cuts.
And sixth, a complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections. [Applause]
Now, that day three heads were chopped off in the Middle East, they're worried about my tone. But don't forget this, this is important. I'm the one that didn't want to go and raid Iraq, and beat the hell out of Iraq, because I said you're going to destabilize the entire Middle East. And that was Reuters in 2004 and before that.
The Commonwealth, the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, I went to school here, probably spend more time here than sleepy Joe, in all fairness. I went to school here, but we're putting our great coal miners back to work. Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police department, you see that happening, and we've got -- did you see in the debate the other night?
Everybody's going to be moving back into the country because they're not going to want to pay. And one quick story. Just a quick -- should I say it or should I just get the hell out of here? [Audience responds affirmatively] One quick story. I thought you were going to say that. One quick story. So, about a year and a half ago, the largest builder of auto plants, who I know, John, I said, "I want to see one of your factories that you're building."
Utah, the same thing. We want jobs, we want manufacturing, we wanted to be like it was we'd let all of that stuff get sucked out of our system get sucked out and we don't have the jobs and the jobs we do have aren't the good jobs, they're the bad jobs and we're changing it. We're going to have Apple and you watch because what they do is currency manipulation in China and Vietnam and lots of other places we're going to have Apple and many other countries building their product in the United States not over there.
I want the entire, corrupt Washington establishment to hear the words we -- we are about to say. When we win on November 8th, we are going to drain the swamp. Going to do it. [Applause]
I use the word God because they refuse to use the word God in their Pledge of Allegiance, right, twice. I use the word God, I hope to God we never have to use them. But I obliterated the ISIS caliphate, which was all over the place, 100%. Remember I got it down to 99%. They said you got to go 100%. I said let's get out of here, we're bringing them all back home.
And we had a turnout in 2016, the likes of which nobody has ever seen before. This has never happened. You know, some politicians became really famous because they came in first or second or third in one state. Like, they did well in New Hampshire, or they did well in Iowa, or they did well here. But we did well in 32 states.
All of the thousands of guys and women standing on these building get fired; they go home. Because under the Green New Deal, they don't like clean, beautiful natural gas. They don't like anything. They don't know what they like. They sort of like wind, even though it kills all the birds. You want to see a bird cemetery?
On pre-existing conditions, a lot of people think it's not a very Republican thing. It is now, and it has been for me. I want to take care of people with pre-existing conditions. We're doing well. We can do it. Democrats also want to give welfare and free health care to illegal aliens. Republicans want to protect public benefits.
And we mentioned again, she -- 325,000 migrant children dead or in slavery right now and just plain missing. She was the attorney general of the state of California. She redefined child sex trafficking. These are words or phrases, assault with a deadly weapon and rape of an unconscious person. She said, from now on, they will be called nonviolent crimes, and reduced sentences [Audience boos] according.
President, your speech was so good last night, please, please, Mr. President don't mention any names. So I won't.
That's because change has to come from outside of our broken and corrupt system.
It's like the crime reports. The FBI forgot to put a few cities in there, like the worst cities in the country. So, the crime report looked like it was pretty even. I said, well, how come -- I don't want to mention the cities because I'm trying to get their votes, OK? I don't want to mention, I want to get their votes, but you can imagine.
And now they're thinking about bringing him into the administration.I guess probably this is maybe before the flu came along, or something. 'Cause I'm saying, "Who the -- Why would he say this?" He goes, "We did every possible thing wrong, and 60 million Americans got H1N1." Far less lethal, by the way. Far less lethal. "And in that period of time, and it's just purely fortuitous that this isn't one of the great mass casualty events in American history." This Biden's Chief of Staff.
And now, he says put on masks. And they say, he's a wonderful guy. And he is a wonderful guy, I like him. He just happens to have a very bad arm. He has a bad arm, but he's a good guy. He's a good guy. A lot of our people don't like him, I like him. You have to understand him, he's a promoter, what can I tell you.
Starting on day one, I will seal the border and stop this horrible migrant invasion that is destroying our country. We will carry out the largest deportation operation of criminals in American history. We will end inflation and make America affordable again, and we will get your energy bills cut in half within 12 months.
The stock market has gained almost $3 trillion in value since the election on Nov. 8, a record. We've saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price of fantastic -- and it is a fantastic -- new F-35 jet fighter, and we'll be saving billions more on contracts all across our government.
Let me just tell you, California is a complete wreck, and their price just hit $8 a gallon for gasoline, OK? Don't worry about it. You're not that far behind, Iowa. You're hitting an all-time record gas prices right now. You know, he used what we did. We filled up the strategic reserves, and he used that to keep prices low for the election.
Have to get rid of those cartels and we have to do it quickly. Our country is being poisoned. Our country is being poisoned. We're also talking about and talked about the importance of working to keep jobs and wealth in our hemisphere. A more prosperous Mexico means fewer illegal border crossings and a better market for products made in the United States.
This is a movement, Make America Great Again, MAGA, the likes of which our country has never seen before. And by the way, Christians have to vote. You know, I don't want to scold you, but you know that Christians do not vote proportionately. They don't vote like they should. They're not big voters. You know who else aren't voters?
And every time they fight me, it gets 10 feet taller, right? Every single time it gets 10 feet taller. It goes up. It goes up, up, up. The taller it gets, the safer it gets. [Applause]  No, we're going to have a wall. And we're going to let people come into our country because we want people to come into our country. But they're going to come into our country legally -- legally. [Applause]  And then I said Mexico's going to pay for the wall.
It will be stopped. And we want people to come into our country. We do. We want people. But they have to come in legally through a system. They have to love us. They have to love our country. We will not be invaded. We will not -- and that's -- we are not going to be invaded. We are -- it's like an invasion.
Yeah, go ahead, Tana.
More people are dying from drug overdoses today than from gun homicides and motor vehicles combined. Think of it -- motor vehicle crashes, gun homicides, more people by far from drug overdoses.
Who wouldn't do it? Who wouldn't do it, right? We have to do. So I say, oh, that was good. Then I see the pundits come in. You know these highly paid guys that don't have a clue. They don't have a clue. And they say that they didn't like it. I was good in the first debate. But then they said, here's the beauty.
Virginia. Thank you. Thank you, Virginia. Great job you do. A man that I'd love to see in. He'll open you up. I think we can get a guarantee tonight. Lieutenant Governor Dan Forrest. Come on Dan, win. Good, Dan. Boy oh boy, I'll tell you. That would be a natural, that's a natural. You'll open it up right away?
That's pretty good. That'll be a very good soundbite in the debate when we face one of those Democrats, whoever it may be. African American and Hispanic American poverty are at an all-time low. Our economy is at an all-time high. We've cut a record number of job-killing regulations, more than any administration in the history of our country, in less than two years, by the way, in less than two years.
I want to thank the people that are on this dais, all of whom I know, all of whom are special. They've bene great friends of mine. Really, in particular, Alex and Linda. The job you do is really incredible.
If you would've told me I was gonna be a politician, I would have, I would have laughed. I would have laughed. I also would have behaved perhaps a little bit differently but that's OK. I would have behaved a little bit differently. Don't let anyone tell you it can't be done. The future lies with the dreamers, not the cynics, not the critics.
But here's the story. Starting tomorrow morning at 7:00, every bottle of wine and every bottle of champagne that's shipped into the United States is going to have 100% tariff on it. "No, no, no, you cannot do that. That is not fair." I said, not fair for you to charge our companies 25%. He said, "You cannot do it." I said, I'm signing the papers now. "I will call you right back." Calls me back, "Donald, we would be delighted, Mr. President, to take the tax off.
We don't want - don't want to take it away. We don't want - don't want to take it away. We don't want to take it away to take it away to take it away. Just watch Obama's aprons from eight, just watch Obama's aprons from eight, just watch Obama's aprons from eight years ago and what he said about Chicago years ago and what he said about Chicago years ago and what he said about Chicago and the rigged system in Chicago, take A - and the rigged system in Chicago, take a and the rigged system in Chicago, take a look at what he said about the rigged, look at what he said about the rigged, look at what he said about the rigged system in Chicago, the same system that's system In Chicago, the same system that's system in Chicago, the same system that's protecting Hillary Clinton is the rigged protecting Hillary Clinton is the rigged protecting Hillary Clinton is the rigged system that stolen your jobs and shipped system that stolen your jobs and shipped system that stolen your Jobs and shipped our wealth, all of us, our wealth overseas, our wealth, all of us, our wealth overseas, our wealth, all of us, our wealth overseas and Mexico one-way highway into and Mexico one-way highway into and Mexico one-way highway into these countries.
Not for two years, in the history of our country. That's one of the things helping us with the jobs. And the United States people don't even believe this, it all happened very recently is now the number one oil and gas producer in the world. Number one. Number one. And by the way Russia is not happy about that but they are fine.
Media outlets like CNN and MSNBC are fake news. Fake news. [Booing] And they are sitting -- and they are wishing -- in Washington. They are watching right now, they are watching, and they would love to be with us right here tonight. [Applause] but they are trapped at the dinner, which will be very, very boring. But next year, maybe we will make it more exciting for them in Washington and we'll show up. But we have a good chance of showing up here again next year, too. [Applause]
I am going to protect your Social Security. We're not going to be raising the number of years. We're not going to raise it by one day, let alone one year or five years or 10 years, like some stupid people want to do. We're going to grow our country. It's going to be growth, and it's going to be using the assets and resources that we have, much of it right under the ground.
A lot of money, a lot of everything. Perfectly set up for a drug problem. Everything perfect. But they are very, very tough. And I just don't know whether or not this country is ready for that, whether or not it can do it. But the only countries that don't have a drug problem are countries where the retribution is unbelievably tough.
So I was going to use another word there, but I can't do it because of the man that I respect so much. You know who it is, Franklin Graham. I can say that he's a great guy. He wrote me a note. President, you don't have to use foul language. You just don't have to use foul language. Your stories are so great.
The other group doesn't. It's always an honor to be with, our brave men and women in blue and in brown, frankly, and in various colors because it's not always blue. But these are great people, and you just don't do better. They're brave and they're under assault, and they have a lot of difficulty with the laws of our land, and we're going to get rid of that difficulty because they shouldn't have difficulty.
And it's a movement going on. You know I went to Dallas. We had 20,000 people. I went to Alabama. Mobile, Alabama, we had 35,000 people. I go to Oklahoma three weeks ago, we had 20,000 people. More than that. Anywhere I go, in New Hampshire, we have thousands and thousands of people. And I say it's like a movement.
Most people don't even know what that means. What does it mean? She has been after all of this for years. And as everyone knows, she is a Marxist who destroyed, almost single handedly, San Francisco. And when she was the AG, California itself, not the same place. People are leaving. They're fleeing like they are in New York.
I love you all. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause]
We're going to have people that are going to be proper. And if somebody's politically correct and somebody else is gonna be outstanding, we're picking the outstanding one every single time. We have politically correct people all over the place. Our country is so politically correct that we're going to hell.
And we'll be there very shortly with ships too. But, uh, the only reason it's not ships, because, I don't know, for some reason they stopped doing that. I guess they went on to other businesses. But there's some basics in life. And one of the things you need is ships. I always say, you need steel, you need aluminum, you need this -- There's certain -- There are things you don't need.
I thought it was a typo. It's not a typo. We've lost 70,000 factories. Another Bill and Hillary backed disaster. We're living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. There's no other country that has ever been rated like our country has been rated, of its jobs and its money and its wealth.
And I really think her statement about crumbs -- because you're getting thousands and thousands of dollars, and you're getting it every year. So I think her statement "crumbs"" will be equivalent -- and I said this the other day for the first time. When I first heard the word ""deplorable"" -- [Laughter] -- I thought it was a bad thing
Are you hearing me? There's never been a movement in history, in history like MAGA, Make America Great Again. But unlike other politicians, the harder our enemies hit me, the stronger and more determined we are, and that's as a party and as a movement itself. They hit me, and we're all together. I'm with you, you're with me, and the harder they hit, the better we do. You saw that a couple of weeks ago with these fakes, these fakers.
Fantastic. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
It's all time. You're always winning and you're going to keep winning. That's why the University of Alabama football team has won more games in the last decade than any college football team in America. That's not bad. And it's why, last fall, you beat Auburn for the fifth year in a row. That's not bad. That's not bad.
And we have to win because obviously we need more justices on the Supreme Court. [Applause] People don't realize how important that is. I've always heard it's the most important thing you can do. I always said defense, but that's right there: Supreme Court justices and judges. And we are setting records.
Oh, that's -- he was there, by the way. He had just left the stage, actually. That was good timing. That was good timing. Just left the stage, right? I said, "Say hello to Dave," and then it began, a horrible thing. Also with us are Bob and Sherry Koepka. Where's Bob? I got to see Bob. Where is he? Where the hell is Bob? My golfing buddy, Bob Koepka.
Because we are all Americans. And together, we will show November 5th to be the most important day in the history of America. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again.
The parents meant well, and the kids end up losing it because their taxes are very substantial. So, you don't have that tax debate, she wants to put that tax back. That's a big deal. And she's pledged to create a brand-new wealth, confiscation, tax, on unrealized capital gains, which is one that nobody outside [Audience boos] the communist country's -- only communist countries think about it.
All of the gentlemen that are sitting here from Congress, your congressmen, your senators, they helped us. It's called Right To Try. We have the greatest medical labs in the world. We have incredible things under advisement, and our people, if they were very sick, they were terminally ill. They couldn't get anything because people said no, it might hurt them, they're terminally ill.
Under our policies, Toyota has just announced a $170 million investment in Mississippi and 400 new jobs at its facility. Did you ever hear of this place? Blue Springs, Blue Springs. Before my election, our leaders used the great American middle class as a piggy bank to fund their delusional global projects all over the world.
So foreign bureaucrats are gonna be controlling what we're using and what we are doing on our land, in our country. No way. No way. These actions have denied millions of Americans access to the energy wealth sitting right under our feet. Wealth we didn't even know we had five years ago and ten years ago.
We got to build a wall and we got to get rid of the bad ones. We got some real bad ones. You know a lot of the gangs that you've been reading about in these different places including, like Chicago and -- and a lot of the places not to mention names, but a lot of the places they're illegals and they're tough dudes, they're tough, they're out of here. I'll tell you what, before I even get the wall started, they're gone the first day.
We will crush migrant crime. We're going to crush migrant crime. Oh, we have a new form of crime now. It's called migrant crime. The only good thing about these migrants coming in is they make our gang members and criminals look like the nicest people you've ever met. These people are much tougher. They come from all over the world, not just from South America.
Two of them are great golfers. Really great golfers. You all know about Kai. Where's Kai? A real little killer, she hits a long ball for her size. She can barely lift the club until she swings. Her swing is perfect, Chloe. Don Jr is here somewhere, I think. Vanessa is here. Oh, there he is. Good. Hi, Don.
Now, it's 2,000 miles but we need 1,000 miles of wall. Nothing. It's nothing. I will have the most gorgeous wall you've ever seen. Someday, when I'm gone they'll name it the Trump wall. So I'm going to make it so big, so strong, and so beautiful. And believe me, walls work, walls work. All you have to do, just ask Israel do walls work?
Well, like I like vanilla and chocolate. Thank you. They don't ask me those questions. If I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. And if I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you and nobody has ever fought for you harder than I have.
Other places are probably even in worse shape. We just haven't heard about them yet. And a lot of governors don't like talking about it. Like this guy, Polis, he said, "No. No. Don't talk about it. We don't want the world to find out." The world has found out. The world has found out. They have all the pictures.
Then I say, and they say, and people have said, "How is it possible that a guy who got 80,000,000 votes can't get any votes for the most admired man?" You know why? Because he didn't come in first, that's why. Second -- again from this very respected political leader -- second, there is clear evidence that tens of thousands of votes were switched from President Trump to Former Vice President Biden in several counties throughout Georgia.
That's not bad. How do you lose an election with that stat, right? That's a tough one. That's a tough one. Here in Nevada, personal incomes have reached an all-time high. Congratulations. Spend your money well. America now has the hottest economy anywhere in the world. Think of that. We're the number-one economy with the world.
That is such a dangerous decision. That is such a disappointment when I heard that decision. That's a terrible decision, just you go take a look at it, and I know you people are taking a look at it, but there's not a decision that I've ever heard of like that where people if you want to put your ballot in and if you want to, you go and you put it in two or three or four weeks early, you know, go and put your hand.
We have to take over government. We have to run it like it's supposed to be run. We must also win the battle to restore free speech in America. Republicans across government have to be ruthless in going after the new censorship regime. It's censorship. It's worse than it's ever been. I've never seen anything.
They're very sharp. Kim Jong-un. Kim Jong-un doesn't know about the problems that Joe has. We need very sharp people. I'm sorry. Joe is not qualified for this position. Joe calls for abolishing cash bail and closing your prisons. He wants to close prisons and even called law enforcement the enemy recently.
country to be great again that's what i really want that's what
Great state, great people. And the polls have been amazing. One just came out, the Rasmussen poll. We're three points up nationwide. [Applause]
Terrible. But as I've said before, the truth is a force of nature. It's going to come out. It's all coming out. Hang in there. Everything the extreme left touches throughout history, it leads to misery and destruction and failure. But with all of you in Iowa and conservative patriots all across the country, we will end their reign of radicalism, and we will take back America.
Plants are moving back into the United States. They're coming into Michigan. They're going into Ohio. They're going into Pennsylvania. They're going into North Carolina. We have a lot of -- a lot of them coming back in, tremendous. And we have just started.
I said, "Listen, it sounds too cheap. We got to make it more." I never did that. Usually, I'll say, "Make it 200,000." I said, "We got to make it more. It doesn't sound right." But a friend of mine in a big building in Manhattan has beautiful white stone, beige, beautiful beige and white stone opposite his elevator bank.
So now Adam Scott's getting ready and ad after ad, Trump, and by the way, most of these ads are lie, little truth every once in a while, you know, a little bit. But most of these ads are a total lie. We had ad after ad, after ad, and then he got his trophy. I said this can only happen to me, this could only happen to me. But if Kasich -- if Kasich would get a little dose of some ads, he'd sink like a rock, I mean, I say -- they say, I really say it seriously, same thing with lying Ted.
end up being worse so if she gets to a point Supreme Court justices you know
We're going to win. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people. We stand on the shoulders of brave Americans who crossed the oceans, tamed the wilderness, secured our independence, won two world wars, and built the greatest country and most powerful military in the history of the world.
But, you know, keeping men -- by the way, just to go back, keeping men out of women's sports, it's the craziest thing I've ever seen. And you have to look at some of these records. A great one is weightlifting, where for years and years, 18 years, this record stood, and you had this great female athlete. She was going to break the record.
It's true. It's true. But they gave me these great marks and they said he speaks through the applause. So now, what I did the other time, I was -- we had an amazing day in Tennessee last week. We had a tremendous -- we always have tremendous crowds. Hey in Dallas, we had 20,000 people in the Mavericks arena where they play.
And he bought a car, and he always makes a trip from Kentucky -- politician. He makes a trip from Kentucky to Washington, D.C. quite a bit, and he'd usually make it and get out of the car, and he'd probably have gasoline left over, no big deal. Now he goes, and he's stopping all the time, stop, stop. The guy was a nervous wreck, like he got down there about four days later.
And better than might be actually more and better than getting 62 % in New York, but we never get getting 62 % in New York, but we never get getting 62 % in New York, but we never get credit for that. But now we don't need to credit for that, but now we don't need to credit for that. But now we don't need to credit because we're going after Hillary credit because we're going after Hillary credit because we're going after Hillary Clinton, she will not Clinton, she will not Clinton, she will not - she will not be a great president.
This is so great. Thank you, Tiffany. Tiffany Shedd. Get out and vote for her. And a friend of mine, somebody that was great. She would have been enough if she didn't have three or four people running at the same time. She would have been your Senator. Hate to say it, she would have been your Senator. A friend that's so loyal and strong, but -- and a good person.
If they hit me, I got to hit them back. They said, no, no you don't. I said, yes I do. Anyway. I was very presidential in that debate and it worked out really well. And you know what, we're doing great. But here's the story. I'm gonna say to my family, I'm sorry. This is too easy. I want to call Carrier.
Thank you. So I came in and I remember the speech so well. I said, "Why are you allowing them to steal your car companies? Why are you allowing them to go to Mexico and to go from China, where they come in from China, they build them in China. They sell them into a country with no tax and you lose your jobs.
People say to me, "How the hell did you do it?" And I can't even give him an answer. I don't know, I think I did it because I love you and because we have a job to do. But I've had very tough, very brilliant people come up to me, made a lot of money. They were tough and vicious and, in many cases, horrible people.
We are not going to allow it to happen anymore. And many of those who left will be coming back, and they're going to be coming back fast. They want to come back, they want to come back. I produced that with the money. They took in -- we took in -- hundreds of billions of dollars came back into our shores once I made that change on the tax law, which I had to get approved by Congress, believe it or not.
It's my honor.
If you think -- you know, a big thing, it says airplane, but I own the airplane. You have to set a target. You have to pay yourself back the cost of the airplane. That's a big chunk of what I spent. But I'm going to spend a lot of money because we don't want to take a chance, and I do -- I do feel guilty.
[Video Ends] Look, it's the whole thing is crazy. He's a crazy -- This is the craziest race. There's that craziest race. Our country cannot be put in that position. We have too much going, too much potential. [Audience chants "Four more years"] [Laughs]. Four more -- We cannot be put in that position, so you gotta do what's right. 'Cause one thing we know, President Xi of China, is not like that.
So they turn around, and they say, Madam Secretary
They don't want to talk about the Bank of America building in San Francisco, 1290 Avenue of the Americas. They don't want to talk about the West Side railroad yards where I built a city on the West Side of Manhattan, a tremendous city on the West Side of Manhattan. They don't want to talk about 40 Wall Street and all the buildings.
So any time -- "whenever the President finds that the entry of any alien or any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States" -- right? So if I find, as President, that a person or group of people will be detrimental to the interests of the United States -- and certainly there's lots of examples that we have, but you shouldn't even have them, necessarily -- he may be -- and "he may by proclamation, and for such period as he shall deem necessary -- " Now, the only mistake is they should have said "he or she." But hopefully, it won't be a she for at least another seven years. After that, I'm all -- [Applause, Laughter] See? I just noticed that, actually. I just noticed it. I'm saying, whoa, this is not politically correct. It's correct, but it's not politically correct, you know, this is the old days.
It's been an incredible experience for me. It's been an incredible experience, I think, for everyone. And I'll tell you what, next year is going to be an incredible -- it's going to be a great, great year. It's going to be a year of tremendous success. We're fighting off this horrible thing that was delivered by China.
But just remember this. We have the cards. We have rebuilt China with the money they've taken out of our country, folks. Many years, in all fairness. We have, I call it the greatest single theft in the history of the world, what China has done to our country. You go to China, they have trains that go 300 miles an hour.
Texted the head of counterintelligence, Peter Strzok. Likewise, so in love he couldn't see straight. This poor guy -- did I hear he needed a restraining order after this whole thing to keep him away from Lisa? That's what I heard. I don't know if it's true, the fake news will never report it, but it could be true.
But he's great. We have a lot of fun. We have a country that's in big trouble. Tuesday's primary results are just the latest proof that we have transformed the face of the Republican Party. Thank goodness. We are now the working people's party. But we're really the party of everyone. You know what? We're the party of common sense, I think more than anything else.
I wonder if the television cameras will follow you. They don't like doing that when they see these massive crowds. They don't like doing that. Hi, folks. A lot of love in this big, beautiful place. A lot of love, and a lot of love for our country. There's a lot of love for our country.
The steps I will take my first 100 days in office and the bills I will send to Congress and these will be bills that will put us on the path of making this country great again, believe me. In fact I encourage you go visit our website and read it. you'll see a lot of good things and a lot of things that will make you very proud and very happy.
I started to get a little bit concerned when he was finishing. [Laughter] Well, this is a President that will have you in the Oval Office. So all of my people back there, they're working it out already. Okay?  With honor.
And, remember, with $20 trillion in debt and $100 trillion in unfunded liabilities -- a lot of people say it's impossible. We're sitting on a big, fat, ugly bubble. [Inaudible] our fed to raise interest rates, because when those interest rates go, you watch what's going to happen. It's going to be very unattractive.
[Video] Well maybe he forgot.
Change has to come from outside, a corrupt and broken system. It is corrupt and it is broken. The fact that the Washington establishment has tried so hard to stop our campaign is only more proof that our campaign represents the kind of change that only arrives once in a lifetime. This is once in a lifetime. This is our last chance. In four years, it's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. You got to get out and vote. This is our last chance. [Applause]
Let's look back at the Middle East at the very beginning of 2009 before the Obama/Clinton administration, that I call a catastrophe, took over. Libya was stable. Syria was under control. Iraq was experiencing a reduction in violence. The group that would become what we now call ISIS was close to being extinguished, would never have happened. Iran was being choked off by economic sanctions.
I'm tired of these jobs the new one that we're just trying to approve. I'm tired of these jobs like a vacuum cleaner. They suck the jobs out of the country. They suck our money out of the country. We have nothing -- we have nothing. We're like a third world country. Our airports, our roads, our bridges are falling down.
Very little debt. Very, very -- tremendous cash flow. All of these things. And I say it not in a bragging -- you know, I -- look, I say it. You know what folks? Bottom line, this is the kind of mentality we need in this country, at least for a while. At least for a while. We have $19 trillion in debt. 19 trillion.
Not about me, it's about you. It's about your family, your future and the fate of your country. That's what we did in 2016. They came from the hills and the valleys. They came from the cities, they came from all over the place and people were saying, these fakers back there, they were saying, "What the hell is happening?" But I knew it was going to happen because we go out and we'd see these rallies, the likes of which nobody has ever seen before, ever, ever, ever in politics, ever in politics.
You look at Venezuela. You look at so many other countries. Twenty years ago, Venezuela was a strong country. It was one of the richest countries. Today, they have no water. They have no food. They have no medicine. They have nothing. This is the same ideology that you're seeing trying to come in. We can't let it happen.
We're going to polish it up. We're going to put in brand-new limestone where the limestone's been destroyed. We're going to make that capital the most beautiful capital again in the world. Even though I'm being tried for something, I haven't figured that one out. I don't know what. Oh, they're trying me because I said something about the election, I think.
She was an amazing person from everybody's standpoint and she's not with us. And then other things happened. So many other things. And now people are looking and they're seeing what's going on.
And, by the way, they also want a strong military. And we have to be very powerful on our military. You know, our military has been depleted over the last long period of time, even beyond Obama. It's been depleted. We've got to build up. This should not be a party thing; this should be common sense. Without our military, we might not be here talking. We have to have a strong military.
Could -- really it could go much higher. We could add another two -- I guess we could add another -- I won't even say it. You know what it'll be a big story if I say it. Should I say it? I'm not going to say it. If I say it, it's a big story. If we say it, it's a big story. All right, let's put it this way.
We need your soldiers to protect our country." You believe this? I'm saying, "Mexico, protect our country." They're coming through in caravans, thousands and thousands of people. "We need you to protect," he said, "but we won't do that." I said, "Yes, you will. You have to do it." He said, "But we won't." I said, "Then we're going to have to tax your cars coming in and tariff your cars coming in and all the things that you sell in this country, up to 25%, which is many, many billions of dollars for the United States." And he said, "We would love to have our soldiers.
You can't trust them on taxes. They want to raise your taxes like crazy. They're globalists and they always will be, and they always want to take care of global countries, and somewhere along the line they think that's good for us. I think they probably believe it, or they're crooked. Some are crooked. I really believe some are crooked, but I think some probably believe it. They can't explain why because it doesn't make sense.
We want people who can love our country and cherish our country. Under the Trump administration, we imposed extreme vetting and put on a powerful travel ban to keep radical Islamic terrorists and jihadists out of our country and with great success. You know that you didn't see anything about that for four years, did you?
Well, we're just allowing people into our country that some are going to be a problem. And we have enough problems in our country right now and you people are really proof positive. What you've gone through, it's unimaginable. I watched the Boston bombing so many times on television, how somebody can do that, how they got them on tape.
Other than that, it's quite good. Those are four pretty cool things, aren't they? But not if you have to live with it, like the people of our country have to do. I will regain energy independence as we had three years ago and achieve energy dominance. We have more liquid gold under us. I call it liquid gold.
They're the best in the world. We have the best negotiators in the world. We have better negotiators than the Persians. We have better nego -- we have the best in the world, but we don't use them. We use political hacks. We use people that gave campaign contributions, and they get a job in government because they want to work in government.
First, we are going to repeal and replace Obamacare.
We had a General and a Colonel interviewing him -- the people he worked with. They knew he was a traitor. So you know it's one thing like we didn't know which is bad if we didn't know. But you can understand that. But we knew he was a traitor when we were negotiating. So we get Bergdahl, a dirty, rotten traitor, right?
They want to shoot down our airplanes. You see with the little boats going around our ships? You see that and taunting. They're taunting. They feel emboldened after all of this. Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy, it's going to be so different, folks. I promise. Can you imagine the captain on the destroyer as they keep circling with these little boats?
We have the head of the Republican Party here right here, right there. Good man. But we're gonna put a heavy vote because look, your taxes are through the roof, too high. I'm gonna read some statistics to you. You're not gonna believe it. But before I want to do that, Giacomo Brancato, 18 years old. He looks like a movie star.
All political parties were legalized, and free elections were scheduled. And it was all happening. And then the election got rigged. And that was the end of that. But we'll get it back very quickly. It won't take long. By contrast, the Biden administration has completely abandoned the people of Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela, completely, completely, completely.
And one of them was $100 million for condoms for Hamas. You heard about that, $50 million and $50 million. It's $50 million and then they decided they needed more condoms, so they sent another $50 million. So it's $100 million condoms for Hamas. But now that's the good stuff, here's even worse. Social Security, as you know, generally speaking, people don't live to be over 100 years old.
It used to be you could say a young, beautiful waitress. This was a young, beautiful waitress, but I won't say that because I feel like I want to continue my political career. If you call some -- the governor won't say it. If you call a woman beautiful today, it's the end of your political career, so I won't do it. But a young waitress -- I think you could her call young.
Now here's who you have to be careful of, those people back there because -- no, I don't even know if they're evil. Some of them are. They're unbelievably dishonest. Congratulations. Unbelievably dishonest. Unbelievable. Because every time I say something, for instance, it was asked to me about NATO and -- you know, look, I've made a lot of money.
Did you see the numbers from about two months ago? And you see the numbers now it's like from a different world, because people are seeing what we're doing, they're seeing what we're doing. We stand on the shoulders of Patriots, who poured out their sweat and blood and tears, and we're going to do things that nobody's been able to do? You know it's very funny.
Do you know what that means? That means, you know, a lot of people are rich, but they don't have cash because they're spending it in their business and other things. That means they're going to have to sell their business in order to get cash because you're -- she's taxing you and you haven't done anything.
The situation is likely worse than the public has any idea. A new congressional report reveals that the Administration has downplayed the growth of ISIS with 40 percent of analysts saying they had experience efforts to manipulate their findings in trying to make it look much better than it is. It's bad.
Well, that's what we're talking about. That was her baby. And she had the man that was in charge of that running in the great state of Ohio. But Mike did a good job, and I did good job. We fought, and your current governor came from behind and he was down by six or seven points with a couple of days left.
We will always be free. Each of us here tonight is united by the same timeless values. We believe in the American Constitution and our great rule of law. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the center of the American way.
They are resisting progress. They're resisting change. Because the only thing they really care about is protecting what they have been able to do, which is really control the country and not to your benefit. By the way, wages starting to go up. First time in 20 years starting to go up. That's all going to happen. That's all going to happen. [Applause]
Got to do it. Got to do it. And I will use Title 42 to end the child trafficking crisis by returning trafficked children to their families in their home countries immediately. To stop the Marxist prosecutors who release rapists and murderers while persecuting Republicans, conservatives, people of faith, and me, by the way.
When we owe $19 trillion now it's going to be $21 trillion because of the deal that was just made by the Republicans. It's almost like, you know we know where the Democrats are coming from but the people we send to go and fight Obamacare and all, right? They let us down. I don't know what happens. They go to Washington all of a sudden their hand goes up, I approve it. It's amazing.
How many people are from Nevada? Not bad. Not bad. That's not bad. Six days from now, we are going to win Arizona. We are going to win Nevada. And we are going to win four more years in our great White House. Ah, look at the fake news back there. There's a lot of them. [Audience boos] There's a lot of them.
We need borders and we need fair elections and free elections. And if you don't have those two things, you don't have a country. Most importantly, we're going to reverse every single crisis, calamity and disaster that Joe Biden has created and bring safety, prosperity and prestige back to America. And I will say, we're going to put America First, as I did.
Hillary supports totally open borders, there goes your country, and strongly supports sanctuary cities like San Francisco where Kate Steinle was murdered by an illegal immigrant deported at least five times.
Former congressman, he was a great congressman, Fred Keller. Where's Fred? Hi, Fred. Are you cold in there? You don't have a coat? He's all man, that guy. I'd like to do that too, but I just refuse to freeze. I love these guys. Well, Mike Kelly, he used to come up with just an undershirt on, it would be like two degrees out, but he's a very special guy.
Yeah, I like it. I like it. Oh, look at who we have over here. We have your associate, Pam, huh? Leo 2.0. Well, we have Leo here. We have -- is he doing a good job, Pam?
Nobody can figure it out because who would want to run on a policy of open borders where anybody can come in? They're emptying jails out. We took out thousands and thousands of gang members, MS-13. They say they're the toughest gangs in the world. I think they're probably not compared to some of the gangs that are coming in now from parts unknown, right?
As a businessman and real estate developer, I have legally used the tax laws to my benefit, and to the benefit of my company, my investors and my employees. I mean, honestly, I have brilliantly -- I have brilliantly used those laws. I have often said on the campaign trail that I have a fiduciary responsibility to pay no more tax than is legally required, like anybody else, or -- [Applause]
Many of these routes used to run through San Diego until the wall was built by us, by me. [Applause] Sorry about that, Jim. [Laughs] I think Jim has just got angry at me; he just heard that. Sorry, Jim. Because now, what they did, they went to Jim's ranch. I think I cost him a lot of money. Maybe he won't stand up after all.
But there's so many elements. But one of the elements when Tim mentions, Israel, this sort of a clause in there that nobody's really understanding that if Iran gets attacked we have to help them. Now you say, what if Israel attacks them? Are we supposed to be fighting as you? This is the most incompetent agreement that anybody has ever seen.
And we are not going to allow our policeman to be shot down anymore. Anymore. No more. No more.
Center stage means we were never in second place. And if we were, they would let you know about it tomorrow morning. [Laughter] We were never in second. I was center stage on every -- well, however many debates.
And, you know, they actually deny it even took place. You have people that deny it ever took place. We do know that, right? They deny the Holocaust. But now, you have a modern version denying that October 7th. I've seen it. They say it never took place. A lot of these protesters say -- I don't know if they believe it, but they've been brainwashed or something.
Now, they don't give me credit for that. You know they had a little sentence, like, a little one-third sentence, Donald Trump wasn't happy about it. Oh, great. Great. Folks, our country has such incredible potential. We have such incredible potential. There are so many pockets of fat. There are so many pockets of stupidity.
We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never, ever surrender. We're not surrendering. We're there. We're there. You got to get out and vote with it. We're actually on the one-yard line. Let's go get out and vote. Everybody, vote, vote, vote vote. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win.
They were tired. They're tough. Everybody's tough. But you know what? We're tougher, he just said it. But nobody would know it. Nobody would know it. When you look at what's happening, nobody would know it. But we're tougher, I'd like to explain that to Abdul and to everybody else. We're much tougher. Please remember that.
[Audience Boos] I said that's no good. I don't have any donors because I'm self-funding. I don't have donors. So the donors don't mean donors. The donors that's a nice word donor but it's not donors. It's special interests, lobbyists, all these people that have total control over the candidates, they had all the tickets.
We will be greater than ever before, we will. [Audience chants "USA"] Incredible citizens like you, the people of New Hampshire, helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country. We are not going to let the radical left, socialists or communists take our country. We're not going to let them.
Would have been great. So the Democrats have no ideas, no policy, no vision for the country other than total socialism and maybe, frankly, a step beyond socialism from what I'm seeing. [Booing]
That's always a great honor for me because a lot of people think that I'll be the best in jobs by far. I will be the greatest that God ever created. Believe me I'll be good. And they have me best in the economy not like by one point by like 50 points. Like I on one of my think I was at 72 and number two was at nine.
You can go out. If you're not getting the treatment, you go out. But thanks to this landmark reform, 3 million veterans have been able to get care as needed and when they wanted it. You know they'd wait on line sometime for weeks and months? And, you know, they have some great doctors in the VA. They have really good doctors, but you couldn't get to them.
Insane asylums were closed. They used to go crazy when I talk about Hannibal Lecter, the late, great Hannibal Lecter, right, Silence of the Lambs. The fake news would say, why does he talk about that? He's a fictional character. He's actually not. We have many of them that came across the border. It's actually not.
Get him out, please. Get him out. What are they doing, right? What's the purpose? What of it? Well, it gets a little television time, I guess. But you know, I was going to the debate. I was going directly in from Florida. I'm down in Florida. We're campaigning. We're doing really well in Florida. We're campaigning against the guy that has the worst voting record in the history of the state of Florida, named Rubio.
But we're doing well. I think we're doing a lot better than anyone knows. Gravis just came out: 34 for Trump, 28 for Cruz. PPP: 28 for Trump, 26 for Cruz. In other words, it's a little close here. Quinnipiac poll, very respected, 31 for Trump, 29 for Cruz. And then again CNN, 33 to 20. So we're -- I think we're doing good.
Daniel Tabas was a great man. Unidentified
To what happened there and remember this, remember this. Before we get off to the next subject which is going to be a very interesting subject for you, folks. But don't we feel bad for that 10, 15, 20. How many people are outside press, how many? Is it 10,000 or 20,000? Because I'll tell you what, I think is closer to 20,000, anyway, anyway, anyway, if we had -- If we had people where the bullets were going in the opposite direction, right smack between the eyes of this maniac, if some of those wonderful people had guns strapped right here, right to their waist or right to their ankle, and this son of a bitch comes out and starts shooting, and one of the people in that room happened to have it and goes boom, boom.
Those reforms include the following: a five-year ban on executive branch and congressional officials lobbying the government after they leave government service. They're making a fortune. Not going to happen. That's why they make all these sweetheart deals.
How do we solve the problem where all these countries are moving into these places and people like yourselves and friends of yourselves and people that I know are losing all their jobs? We're being devastated. So here's what we're doing with as an example, Carrier. I would call Carrier through one of my people, because I don't know, it's not cool if the president calls, right?
Hillary is the one who set-up an illegal, private e-mail server to shield her criminal activity. You know that, she knows it. Hillary is the one who engaged in a corrupt pay-to-play scheme at the State Department. Hillary is the one endangered national security by sending classified information on an insecure server.
I told you. [Applause] Confidence is soaring and optimism is at the top of every chart. This is a great time for our country. A lot of things happening. Every day we are unlocking new opportunities for prosperity and for peace.
This exceptional growth is boosting 401(k)s, pensions, and college savings accounts for millions and millions of hardworking families. You hear so much about inequality and all of the differences and all of the problems. The single biggest benefactors of what we've done are middle-class workers and low-income families.
And the ones that do leave, that's OK too, we'll make a lot of money. But nobody says it. Does anybody say it like Trump, right?
And I said, this is tough. I'm doing it. So there's no reason to go through these long calls. So I said, please tell them I'll call them back. This was a Wednesday. Please tell them I'll call them back on Monday. So I called back on Monday. On I believe a Thursday or whatever, I announced we had a news conference.
Wow. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"]
When you have violent crime all over this city at levels that nobody's ever seen before, where you have businesses leaving and -- businesses are leaving because of this because heads of businesses say, "Man, we don't want to get involved with that." I could go through the books of any business person in this city, and I could find things that, in theory, I guess, "Let's indict him.
Let's not forget, Russia went into Crimea on President Obama's watch.
Well, we have to save our country first. I really do. I mean, it's a great question in a way, but I think our country, we have 30 trillion, almost $36 trillion in debt. If this group keeps running, think of what's happened. We used to be allies with Saudi Arabia, a lot of money, a lot of everything, a lot of energy.
And the crime is way up. Get the, and California has to open up. California has to open up. I mean, what are you gonna do? I see people today, store owners. They don't know what to do. They're gonna be arrested if they open up their little small business, they can't survive. It's a horrible thing that's going on.
I could have saved two years of litigation. We will not build a wall under any circumstances. Then Pelosi would say, "We demand that you build a wall." These people are terrible. Crazy Nancy, crazy as a bedbug. She's crazy as a bedbug. She decided to make a nice little stop in at the beauty parlor. How did that work out?
Thank you. God bless you, everybody. God bless you. God bless you. And now, God bless me because I'm going to take a couple of questions, OK? Where are we going to go with the questions? Do we have a mic at some point? Do we have a little mic? Oh, go ahead, please. Yes. Yes, ma'am.
Never. It left the vacuum and from that vacuum Isis formed.
Come on.
Now, I say -- but when that happened -- and then again, I get indicted in something else, and then I realize I've been indicted more than Alphonse Capone, and I say, "Oh, my god." And other lawsuits, civil lawsuits, all worked out through this horrible, horrible group of people. But when I got indicted, just for the first time, I got indicted, and even the press said, "He'll never be indicted.
I don't want to -- too early. It's too early. They can change. I don't want say "the Green New Deal." I think it's a wonderful thing. I do want to think about it. I want to study it closely. I want to see whether or not we should ever use airplanes again. How about the senator from Hawaii?
Finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America in less than 10 years, we're doing that. Who would have believed we could do that? We're doing that. And the previous administration spent no money on that and we're spending a lot but think of that. Who would have thought that we're going to end within 10 years, the AIDS epidemic in our country, who would have thought we've advanced?
He's surrounded by fascists and communists. But since the show trial in New York, my poll numbers have increased so substantially, nobody's seen anything like it. And I think last night -- last night will not detract from that. And fundraising, as I said, is at an all-time high. The radical-left Democrats rigged the presidential election in -- think of this.
I used it -- they always used to say I wear hairpiece. It's OK. I know people wear hairpiece, but they always used to say -- they don't say that anymore, because I have been through the worst storms. If you wear one of those suckers you've got to give it up fast because within two weeks they got you. You look handsome, no worry about it. But in the last two decades before my election, we lost one in five, auto manufacturing jobs in this country.
We're going to take care of it. And another key driver of inflation is the migrant invasion Kamala Harris has created on our southern border, which is causing immense inflationary pressure on housing and essential goods. There has never been anything like coming into our country. Border czar Harris, now, she's saying, "I was never named the border czar."
Such a great business person, that's Phil Ruffin. Believe me. And he's a great poker player. You know, I always put my money on him in a game of poker and he just walks away very quietly. Just takes everybody's money and goes on to the next one, right? That's what we want. So I wanted just to thank you. I love you too.
thank you everyone god bless you thank you
You know, when you look at Hillary and Jeb, and Marco and all of the people. They're all taking tremendous amounts of money. I mean, I had a case, it's a very bad thing. Club for Growth. You know who the growth is? Their wallet. That's the growth. Club for Growth. This group they say, oh, we're a conservative group.
How are you?
Right to try. You know what that is. Right to try. Right? I'm very proud -- Meadows helped with that one. And Phil helped with that one, right, Phil? Phil Roe. You guys all helped with that one. And Greg, right, Greg was good. Did a good job. You know, right to try, so somebody's terminally ill, and we have medicines that have great help, great future.
So I do, I have wonderful kids. I hope they stay that way. So I knock on wood as I talk about my kids. But I do have wonderful kids and they've been a big help to me.
And one of the other judges practically won't even speak to him again. It's very interesting. Whatever, what he did was wrong. And we have Obamacare. So I'd almost rather have not too many judges appointed. Let's wait. We can wait for another year. Let's appoint some really good judges. Yes, sir in the back.
They won it for us and we're gonna make it bigger and better and stronger than it ever was before. It's time to look past the old divisions. They're tired, really tired, politicians. And the stale debates of the past, and to finally come together as one nation under god.
It's much better. They just -- something's going on with this. I mean, what the hell are they doing? [Audience member calls out "They're cheating."] But we want the -- we don't want to wait 10 days, 12 days, 3 days, 2 days, or 2 hours. We want the answer tonight. [Audience responds affirmatively] So, we live in an occupied country, and I will tell you, we will be an occupied country no longer.
One of the main reasons I ran for president is to main reasons I ran for president is to main reasons. I ran for president is to stop it and these politician will never stop it and these politician will never stop it and these politician will never do. They'll never do anything about it. I do. They'll never do anything about it.
But in two seconds, they give me whatever I wanted. So I have a total net worth, and now with the increase, it'll be well-over $10 billion. But here, a total net worth of -- net worth, not assets, not -- a net worth, after all debt, after all expenses, the greatest assets -- Trump Tower, 1290 Avenue of the Americas, Bank of America building in San Francisco, 40 Wall Street, sometimes referred to as the Trump building right opposite the New York -- many other places all over the world.
I mean, you talk about communication. So the guy was on yesterday CNN. And I said to myself, it's absolutely pathetic. He lost. He choked. Like a dog, he choked. And now, it's time for somebody else. We're going to win, folks. We're going to win. We're not going to be choke-y. I don't choke. I don't choke.
She's violated her oath of office. She's eradicated our sovereign border and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela and the Congo in Africa, stealing countless American lives. And these are rough -- these are rough customers that are coming, much rougher than almost anybody in this room other than -- the other night, I had the Penn State national champion wrestling team.
You know that. As we speak, Democrats are openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders, and destroy our nation in so many different ways. And they want to sign them up for free welfare, free health care, free education, and most importantly, the right to vote. They want them to vote.
We don't need another massive multinational deal, by the way, that nobody on our side even reads, that ties us up and binds us down and doesn't even discuss monetary manipulation and devaluation, which is how China and all these countries are beating us so badly. Not even discussed. And they had provisions in the agreement, and they would take it out because certain politicians didn't want to have them in there. I wonder why.
And we did do much better the second time, you have to say. Much better. Like a different world. But he's the head of Citizens United. The job he's done is incredible, and I really hope you're going to go see the documentary he made on Zuckerberg. It's really incredible what these guys are allowed -- We have people that we know very well -- Recently, it took place in a certain state that you know very well, Nebraska, where they put a congressman in jail over a tiny amount of money.
And although he could not be here today, my thanks go to Speaker Ryan, who's represented this city for nearly two decades in Congress. And you know where he is? He's with NATO -- so he has a good excuse. And I said, Ron, make sure these countries start paying their bills a little bit more. They're way, way behind, Ron. We have to -- or I'm going to talk to you about that, Ron.
And the engines go errr, straightens it out and it gets hugged, like you hug your beautiful little baby, right? And I said, who the hell did that? It was Elon. And he told me you don't have a space program if you have to drop a $1 billion machine into the water every time you fly, you have to save those suckers.
But I'm not just running against Joe Biden, I'm running against the left-wing mob and the left-wing media, the big tech giants. And I'm also running against the RINOs. Do you know what a RINO is? A RINO may be the lowest form of human life. I actually sort of like the others better than the RINOs. You know why?
You're winning. You're stopping the other team. They're not gaining on you at all. You only have to hold them one more time. They have zero points one more time, and the coach says let's go prevent. And they lose the game, touchdown, touchdown, touchdown. We're not going to play prevent defense at all because this is make or break.
That great future will be built on these three critical words: jobs, jobs, jobs.
Is that correct? Nobody. Right? [Applause] That's right. No contest. It's great to be here with a thousand wonderful people, or, as I call it, a small intimate dinner with some friends.
You know that. As your president, I will never allow them to take away your liberty, your dignity, your Social Security, and I will never ever allow them to take away your sacred right to keep and bear arms. The Left tries to threaten bully, intimidate Americans into submission. They use Democrat prosecutors and phony congressional committees whenever they can they'll do whatever they can to demean you, to libel you.
In fact, now we could go on all night, it's suddenly getting very nice. We go all night. Right? Front Row Joe stands up. They want -- they want to go all night, I'll tell you. I will crush the violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and the respect that they deserve. They're great people.
Why hasn't she done it? You know, I keep saying, "She's one of these complainers," you know, like a critic. I remember, growing up, I'd see plays on Broadway, and I'd go to different things, and you'd always have critics. They criticize. But I'd see, and they were critical, critical, but they never did it themselves.
Thank you. We will deliver record prosperity, epic growth, and you know that -- have you seen what's been going on? How well we're doing? Did you see the recent poll? It just came, 56% of the people want to be here, not four years ago. They want to be with us in what we're calling we're rounding the turn on the pandemic, 56% and it's a record, epic job growth, safe vaccines that quickly end the pandemic, it's ending.
It's always nice to finish things up, like in life, you got to finish it up properly. But it's -- was Rogan good? Did he do a good job, though? [Audience responds affirmatively] That was good, right? Joe Rogan, good man. He's a good man. We had a lot of -- a lot of fun with a lot of different things, but we're going to take over -- over this, and what we've done is -- it's sad that it's coming to an end.
The Democrats have run our inner cities for 50, 60, 70 years or more, uninterrupted. They've run the school boards, the city councils, the mayors' office and the congressional seats. Their policies have failed and they've failed miserably. They've trapped children in failing government schools and oppose school choice at every single turn.
Thank you very much, Governor DeSanctus." "It's DeSantis." But he actually changed his name, right? He went DeSantis, right? He doesn't want DeSanctus. He wants DeSantis. And I left him a message, never change your name in the middle of a campaign. Do you agree with that? Never change your name, senator in the middle of a campaign.
Thank you, Lisa. Thank you. You look great. John Moolenaar. John. Hi John. Thank you, John. Tim Walberg. Thank you, Tim. Good job, Tim. They're great people. They fight hard. They love your state. They love -- I'll tell you, they love this country. And Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., oh, he's so good. He's so good.
I get 42 percent they say why hasn't he hit 50? I said well they're 11 people, how do you get 50. You understand right? No, but CNN treats me so badly it's unbelievable. And you know what I don't watch it anymore, I don't watch. You know you learn to live good, you learn to stay healthy, you learn to have a good common smart mind by turning off the negative does that make sense? Turn it off, don't fight it, turn it off.
How do you like that? (laughs) Who knows?I just said that one. But you know what?I wouldn't be surprised. Ladies and gentlemen, we are pleased to announce Ilhan Omar to run national security. She's going to run, she's going to be guarding our border, where we just had the best numbers we've ever had, by the way.
They killed the two girls. They sliced them into little pieces. And I never forgot that. And then I found out that things like that are happening all over wherever they are. MS-13, the worst gang anywhere. The only thing good about that is they make our gangs look like very nice people. I want to tell you, these are the worst people.
These are the people that we're allowing into our country. Thank goodness for ICE and Border Patrol and these others. ICE, they're so tough. They took them out by the thousands. ICE will look at a gang of real tough cookies. They'll go in there, and they go in swinging. A lot of these people don't know that.
It's gone on like that for years. It's gone on like that for years. So I will tell you, you know No. 1, it's not me, but certainly, people are going to look and you know what, if there's anything wrong and you have to do it, you have to do that. You have to do that because so many people have asked me that same question and you have no idea, and she's being protected.
Everybody did a copy. I won't name the names because I don't want to embarrass anybody. But you know important names. Not like Trump.
And I'd see these soldiers come back so badly wounded, so badly. By the way, the doctors at that hospital are unbelievable, what they can do. But some of these lives, the lives are so bad. One young man, he went to Princeton University, Princeton. He was a great student. He was actually -- family's well to do, I understand.
What are you doing, Tom? But he's a fantastic guy and he's a brave guy. Over the past four years, other countries emptied out their prisons and jails, mental institutions and insane asylums and sent the killers, drug smugglers and bloodthirsty inmates from the filthiest dungeons of the world straight into the USA, an open border.
She openly says we're going to campaign on tax increases. And she wants to get rid of the Trump tax cuts, which were the biggest tax cuts in history. And when you add it together, it's the biggest increase in taxes by far in history. And they call her in San Francisco the tax queen because she's the tax people a lot and run the place very badly.
And the place is booing and booing. This African American gets up and, man, he slugged these guys. He slugged them. And by that time, their hat was off because they got ripped off as they were running up the stairs. But this guy, a great guy -- I think he was a military guy for a long time. He slugged this guy wearing the Ku Klux Klan outfit.
Well, I think they do, and I think if they watched the debates, they would really understand a lot. I mean, right now, I think you have two very clear -- you have a really clear choice between Hillary Clinton and myself. And if you just look at the stances on everything -- she's going to raise taxes, I'm going to lower taxes. She's going to increase regulations,
We're going to lower your taxes. You know, I gave you the largest tax cut in the history of our country and the biggest regulation cuts in the history of our country. And we had the best economy in the history of our country, and we had the best border in the history of our country. Other than that, what the hell? I did other things, too.
Putin, they called it Putin price hikes.
And we're getting these gangs like MS-13 and others, we get them the hell out of the country one by one getting them out. A vote for Danny Boy and the Democrats is a vote to let criminals and drugs pour into our country and to let MS-13 run wild in our communities. And you know what they do once they're there? We're going to protect our law enforcement, not just ICE, all of our law enforcement.
So I won the election, the markets went up thousands of points. Things started happening. You started doing things that you would have never, even though I didn't get sworn in until January 20th, but they refused to do that. And let me tell you, if for some reason I wouldn't have won the election, these markets would have crashed and that will happen even more so in 2020. See the bottom line is, I know you like me and this room is a love fest, I know that, but you have no choice but to vote for me because your 401(k)s down the tubes, everything is gonna be down the tubes.
We're taking it out. [Applause] Our warriors should be focused on defeating America's enemies, not figuring out their genders. By that time, hopefully, they know their genders. Marxist ideologies have no place in combat. Think of it, they go in and they decide, "Oh, they're going to change my gender." No, no, we want them to know their gender when they go in. You have no idea, the disruption that that has caused, and the fake news refuses to report it. You know, when I did a ban, I went to a lot of good generals.
The saddest part of the deal for the United States is that all of the money was paid up front, which is unheard of, rather than at the end of the deal when they have shown theyve played by the rules. But whats done is done, and that's why we are where we are.
Like we did in Florida, like we did in other states. You get a so big, there's a point at which they can't do their magic, right, their crooked magic. This is the year we're going to take back the House. We're going to take back the Senate, and we are going to take back America. And in 2024, most importantly, we are going to take back that very, very, very, very beautiful White House. [Audience chants "USA"]
I think he can save trillions, right? He wants to do it so badly. I don't think I can get him full time because he's a little bit busy sending rockets up and all the things he does. But -- but he's so much into that. He said the waste in this country is crazy. And we're going to get Elon Musk to be our cost cutter.
For instance, in the last five years, we've admitted nearly 100,000 immigrants from Iraq and Afghanistan -- in these two countries, according to Pew research, a majority of residents say that the barbaric practice of honor killings against women are often or sometimes justified.
I mean that is so dishonest, that's so crooked. He is, no, I call him the human vacuum cleaner, right? Do you know those things on television? He's better than anyone of them. Joe Biden said he knew nothing, but he lied because they have -- this, I'm telling you this laptop is a disaster. The fake news and big tech don't want to write about it, though.
One thing every economist agrees don't have it. You have it like at 1%. They even say 1 to 2. But I said let's do 1. And we had it at 1%, and we had it there for a long period of time. And we had the value of the dollar. We had it so that this country could make a lot of money. And I fought other countries where they devalued their dollar or they devalued their currency, whether it was the pound or whether it was the won or the yen.
But I don't like what they're saying. I want to make this country so strong and so rich and so powerful we have so much energy and so much money under our feet that we don't have to take away people's Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid. You want to stop the fraud. You want to stop the abuse, and believe me there's plenty of that but we don't want to do that.
He was something. The Yankees won a lot of World Series because of Mariano, a great guy. We gave him the medal. Done so much for charity. A fantastic man, fantastic family. It was a beautiful day at the White House, so it was good. My administration is fighting to empower all Americans to reach their dreams and achieve their potential.
He worked, worked, worked, and he loved it. And, really, I think the best piece of advice I got from that is you have to love what you do, and if you love what you do, you're going to have a happy life. If you don't -- I mean, I see so many people, they're in businesses that they don't want to be in. They're in businesses that, you know, they're bored in or they're not good at, they don't have a natural ability at it. There is such a thing as natural ability, whether it's sports or acting or anything else.
No, the polls, I'm telling you, you can make those suckers sing. if you get the right pollster, you can do -- and you do -- you really do inflict damage, you know, when you do like this person from Iowa. "Today --" The election, essentially, is really -- we're talking turkey. Comes out with a poll different from every other poll because it wasn't even in question.
There are a lot of people who have great wealth and they don't have cash. Those people are wiped out. And it will cause a depression like in 1929. Other than that, I think it's quite a good idea. Crazy. This person is crazy. You know her father is a Marxist professor of economics. That's what she is.
We have with China $505 billion a year. They laugh at us and everyone talks about free trade. I was asked the other day I was said, they said, "Well, what's your --" I know free trade so much, OK.
I love this state and I love the people of this state. And five days from now, we are going to win Florida. We are going to win four more years in the White House. And we're going on to win a record share of the Hispanic American vote. You see what's happening? Ah, they're very concerned back there, the fake news, they are so concerned.
Hillary strongly supports sanctuary cities, like San Francisco... [Booing]
Got the best first lady. So I trusted that too. Because this man, when I was campaigning for a long time, I got along with her, made contributions to the governor. She'd always call contributions for years. And then I decided to run. And I said, "One person I know I have is Nikki. I have Nikki Haley. Tricky Nikki.
You have to knock on those doors. You have to pick up the phone. You have to get all your friends out. We have to watch what's going on, because this is a dirty business. This is a very, very dirty business. You know what I mean. Watch what's going on.
Think of that 90%, it was going to go much higher. And brought illegal immigration to a virtual halt. It was the lowest levels ever recorded and you could come into our country, but you had to come in legally. Finally, we did it, but we had a win a lot of court cases. Many of those court cases started against us by Democrats in Congress.
But to accomplish them we must replace the present policy of globalism, which has moved so many jobs and so much wealth out of our country and replace it with a new policy of Americanism, that's what it is, Americanism. [Applause]
I recently signed an order placing a moratorium on offshore drilling off the coast of Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and I decided to add Florida. Is that okay? We added Florida. We didn't wanna make you too unhappy now we added Florida right at the beginning. Under my leadership we achieved the most secure border in U.S. history and we're finishing the wall 400 miles and Mexico is paying for the wall, you do know that okay?
They're tied, I mean what's going on? It doesn't -- and OK, so he goes out, he gets no people at any of the rallies. I go out, we get 35,000; 40,000; 25,000; 15,000. We go boom, 15,000, we get the biggest crowds in the history of politics. I mean I'm not saying -- look, everything I say they'll correct if, you know, I mean they'll say you know, who cares?
A nation whose once revered airports or dirty, crowded, a mess, an unsightly, horrible mess. You sit and wait for hours and then are notified that the plane won't leave, and they have no idea when it will, where ticket prices have tripled. They don't have the pilots to fly the planes, they don't seek qualified air traffic controllers, and they just don't know what the hell they're doing.
and Master Sergeant Leroy Petrie. Thank you. Amazing people. These are amazing people.
This year alone, we have successfully lowered your health insurance premiums in the state of Tennessee by 26 percent. That's not bad. Under the past administration, it was like a rocket ship going up. To help critically ill patients access life-saving treatments, we just passed something they've been trying to pass for 45 years.
I wrote that book in 2000. I wrote about - I wrote that book in 2000, I wrote about - I wrote that book in 2000, I wrote about Osama bin Laden, we got to take him out Osama bin Laden, we got to take him out Osama bin Laden, we got to take him out. You got to know where to use your power, you got to know where to use your power.
No country has ever prospered that failed to put its own interests first. Both our friends and our enemies put their countries above ours and we, while being fair to them, must start doing the same. We will no longer surrender this country or its people to the false song of globalism. The nation-state remains the true foundation for happiness and harmony. I am skeptical of international unions that tie us up and bring America down and will never enter...[Applause]
He's an ex-Congressman. So he comes up to my office and he talks to me and then he said would you make a contribution? I said how much. I had never even heard of him. And he's asking $1 million. I said, man, he must think I'm pretty stupid, right? You know you can have money and you can be rich but you don't want to have people think you're stupid.
Biden has vowed to abolish the American oil and natural gas industries and ban fracking. He said it for a year and a half, he said it. Then all of a sudden, he goes to Pennsylvania, "No. I never said that." And the fake news doesn't do anything about it. Biden's energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from North Carolina to Michigan to Pennsylvania.
So remember this, if Biden wins, China wins. If we win, New Hampshire wins and America wins. Very simple. Very simple. Besides that, how can he make a deal with China when he's taking a lot of money out of China, right? For himself and his family. His son walked away with a billion and a half dollars. He gets fees on a billion and a half -- So how can a guy like that -- Seriously, did you see the letter, oh that he that laptop he's got?
We put up a little bit of an autopen, we have 46, we have 45, we have 47, that's -- it's very interesting. Yeah, 46 is an autopen, it's up there, it stays up there. People like it. It's probably gonna stay up there for a long time, it's true. And I know you're looking into that and, by the way, the autopen person said he never spoke to Biden.
But we must not reward Fidel Castro with trade, hard currency, or respect. Castro's jails are full of dissidents, as you know very well, his graveyards are full of patriots, and his government is full of thugs, and we can't allow him to get away with this program of coming to this country, hiring our best consultants, hiring our best lobbyists, and all of a sudden, senators and various other people that we've been knowing about and hearing about for years miraculously are on the side of Fidel Castro and fighting Jorge and fighting all of the people that, frankly, were at one point doing perfectly.
Realizing the gravity of the situation, the United States and the United Nations Security Council sought, over many years, to stop Irans pursuit of nuclear weapons with a wide array of strong economic sanctions.
Others will say it was totally brilliant. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] And it was brilliant. But it's also -- it's -- there was no rambling there, whatsoever, by the way, none. [Audience member calls out "And you don't lie."] But you have to understand that this is something that the American public had to hear.
I hope so. Now, we're delighted and I'm delighted to be joined this evening by the Texas leaders. You have great leaders, great people, great help to me -- that are at the forefront of this incredible American Revolution. You know, there's never been anything like this in the history of our country. We have to understand.
I really believe that. They're going to be voting for Trump. [Applause]
She has no idea. Did you see her today? She was asked kindergarten-type questions by MSDNC. She was unable to answer them. But the best is "60 Minutes." They changed her answer. [Audience boos] Should I sue them? Should I sue? Should we sue "60 Minutes" and CBS? No, think of it. They asked her a question on "60 Minutes," which is news.
The best way to solve it is to create jobs, but they can't get jobs. The students are going out, they're in hock. They're borrowing money all over the place. They borrowed their student loan money, which is by the way, one of the only agencies in government that makes a lot of money, which is that's the one place maybe we shouldn't be making so much money.
But that was a terrible cloud that you had to live with for a long time. 22 years, they were thinking about doing that, the b-2s. That was even before the b-2s, those b-2s, what machines they were. They flew in. They were undetectable and they dropped their payload. And every single bomb hit its exact mark, which was a shaft going deep into the mountain.
Then there is the case of 90 year-old Earl Olander, who was brutally beaten and left to bleed to death in his home. The perpetrators were illegal immigrants with criminal records who did not meet the Obama Administration's priorities for removal.
We're not going to have much of a chance. So, so it's become largely, and even at the rallies, everybody has great confidence in me with China and with all these places, and don't worry about it. We'll take great care of that whole situation and we'll get along great with them. It'll be fine. We're going to be -- do great.
I promise. Last year, the radical left's gender insanity arrived right here in Salem when a man was allowed to transfer onto the Roanoke College women's swim team. [Audience boos] And I just met them backstage. They're great swimmers. I didn't notice a male on that particular team. I didn't notice a male on that team.
They're happily married I think too. They just keep going to rallies all the time. But they're great, North Carolina where we won by big numbers. Nowhere has this transformation been more dramatic than our southern border. You have seen a change on your southern border that Sleepy Joe said couldn't happen.
She deleted and bleached 33,000 e-mails after a congressional subpoena was issued. After -- think of it, after she gets a subpoena -- she gets a subpoena, she sees the subpoena, she then gets rid of 33,000 e-mails on top of a lot of other things. If you did that in your civilian life, you would have problems for the rest of your life.
You're gonna see the biggest cuts in drug prices, which is gonna be great for every aspect: Medicare, Medicaid, social security, everything. It's gonna have numbers. I mean, we're gonna literally be cutting prices by 500%, 600%. Drugs that sell for $88 in London are selling for $130. You know what? Think of it. $1,300 for -- I call it the fat killer.
Every time I made a statement this character challenged me. She can say whatever she wants. Say are you going to check that statement? So they check the statement. She called it the gold standard. Let me tell you, TPP will be almost as bad as NAFTA. Nothing's like NAFTA, but it'll take your jobs our of your state, it'll take them out of Ohio, and Michigan, and Pennsylvania -- TPP is a disaster.
We have a trade deficit with Mexico of $58 billion and these characters come up these politicians that I'm running against. You don't really think Mexico's going to pay for the wall. I said, "Absolutely 100%." They said, "How are you going to get Mexico to pay." And I don't want to go into it because they won't understand it. I mean, it stamps no concept of business.
I ended the Iran nuclear holocaust, I call it. It would have been the worst. And we were going to make a deal. We would have had a deal with Iran within two weeks after the election took place. And when that happened, all of a sudden, China went back to buying oil. I prohibited China from buying oil. I said, "If you buy oil from Iran, you're not going to buy anything.
I will end the wasteful government spending and hold the bureaucrats accountable. I will faithfully execute the sacred office of commander-in-chief and create a new foreign policy that always, always, always will put our country first, America first. [Applause]
And while we were there, they said, "Could you take pictures over the grave of my son my sister, my brother? Would you take pictures with us, sir?" I said, "Absolutely." I did. And then, I said farewell, I said goodbye. And last night, I read that I was using the site to politic, that I used it to politic.
We're going to win. We're going to come in first place. But let me tell you, Ted. So Ted's a nice guy and I like him and he likes me. A lot of other people don't like him by the way. I must tell you that. But I like him. Why do I like him? Because he's been very nice to me, all right? But here's the problem he's talking about natural-born citizen, right?
You probably heard about it. It just happened. Hostages in Texas, not a good situation. You'll see what happens, and you'll see who it is that's holding so dangerously those hostages. I think I have a pretty good idea. So far, not a single member of the administration has yet been fired for Afghanistan. You know, normally, when something like that happens, you fire the generals or you fire somebody.
We have spirit. Our country has great spirit again. Last month, I signed a historic executive order to begin the process of eliminating the federal Department of Education, and send education back to Michigan. We're going to send it back to our states, right? We're going to send it back to our states to run.
Where is Darla? Where is Darla? She's here. Hi, Darla. Oh, very beautiful. You look great. Thank you, Darla. I heard you're doing a fantastic job. Everybody tells me. Jackson County attorney, John Kies. John, you're out. Hi, John. Great. Central casting for an attorney. That's a good thing. My senior adviser, Representative Bobby Kaufmann.
Did you see it? The other day was in the paper. They have a wall and they built a ramp for trucks to bring the drugs over. Did you see that they built a ramp on the wall going up? They go up down and they're in the United States. How about, how about this is to me the greatest, and by the way, I found out legally, I'm right, I'm very good legally.
There was no problem in Philadelphia." There was massive problems and then he wants to run. He said, "Sir, bill Barr would not let me go after anybody. He wouldn't let me touch anybody." What a shame, what an opportunity, but he wanted to run. Others wanted to run. I said, "The one guy that supported election integrity and supported me right from the beginning is Doug Mastriano.
One, two, three. You we don't like. You're bad. Four, fix. No good. Six.
Oh, he was killing the auto industry. I don't think he knew it. Uh, I think he's a guy who, uh, he's just got a faulty thought process. You look at that train, the train is the most -- I've seen people stupid people with cost overruns for years. I've watched where something would cost twice as much or three times.
He was fine. But he never called me, but Ron did. And Ron came over to see me and he begged me for the endorsement. I gave it to him. And it was like a weapon went off. I hate to use the term nuclear weapon, so I won't use that, OK? Because we're getting too close to that stuff. We don't want to bring up the term but it's brought up all the time.
Thank you. [Audience chants "We love Trump"]
These stupid wars that go on forever killing everybody, destroying our country. Last week, I was also very proud to receive the endorsements of many incredible Pennsylvania leaders. I got just about all, including warriors. These are warriors. Congressman Mike Kelly, Dan Meuser, a great guy. These are two great guys.
The Democrats don't care about what their extremist immigration agenda will do to your communities, to your hospitals, what about your hospitals? And to your schools. The Democrats don't care that a flood of illegal immigration will bankrupt our country. You saw the site. Did anybody see that bridge over the weekend?
Thank you all, thank you all very much. Together we built the greatest economy in history, and now we're doing it again. We increased middle-class family income over $5,000, more than five times the gains under the last administration. After the virus arrived, we passed $3 trillion in economic relief, and saved over 50 million jobs, many in your state.
I call my son, are you all right? What's this going on? He says, "I don't know, dad." It was a phony deal. You know, they used that statement as a one-day deal. That was going to be the reason that Hillary lost the election in 2016 because she wasn't expected to lose, although I did, because we would have a room like this and they would have a room with three people in it. You know, that's usually a good sign.
Unleash American energy including shale, oil, natural gas and beautiful clean coal. We're going to put those miners back to work. We will rebuild our military and take care of our great veterans. And that means, new aircraft for Wright Patterson Air Force Base right here, in Ohio. We will also repeal and replace the total disaster known as Obamacare.
So I want to thank all of the people from Iowa, you have been very special to me. It's been a very important place. I got to know it very well. I know the people, I love the people, you're incredible people, your hard working people, successful. And one thing I can tell you about people from Iowa, you never ever give up, you never ever quit, that's for sure.
Think of it. We came in first in every state and the islands." You know, the islands count, too. And it's an incredible thing. The level -- so we ran twice. We won twice. The level of enthusiasm now blows '16 and blows '20 away because, now, you're fighting for your lives. You know, you're really fighting for your lives and interests.
And the people that knew him begged that he be incarcerated or begged that he be thrown the hell out of our country. And the Obama administration with their weak policies refused to listen. Death. A Trump administration will end this nightmare of violence. We will protect American lives. We will cancel all federal funding of sanctuary cities. [Applause]
Good. Good luck, Paul. And Michigan GOP chairman ambassador, Pete Hoekstra, who's been a friend of mine for a long time. I went to Pete -- you know, he's a very successful politician, congressman, and then he retired and did other things. He did a great job. Then, he became ambassador. He was a great ambassador.
When Republicans retake Congress, they also need to crack down, and they will, and they'll crack down hard on Big Pharmas for giving puberty blockers and other dangerous drugs to mutilate our youth. Think of it, puberty blockers. You have a kid go to school, puberty blockers. We will save our kids, and every federal bureaucrat who was complicit in this travesty needs to immediately be fired, at least.
There was no games in your household. It was -- Let's go to work, right. Great mother. Thank you very much. Thank you. Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system. Finally, of immigration, we will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase: Made in the USA.
Every single legal expert, without exception, that I can find has said as an example, Alan Dershowitz. Alan Dershowitz said, "I've been doing this for 60 years, teaching criminal cases, defending criminal cases, writing about criminal cases. And this is by far the weakest criminal case I've ever seen in my 60 years.
Andrea Brownlee owns and operates a trucking company that services the natural gas industry. Andrea -- she's seen growth in her company. She's seen growth in the energy industry like she never thought was possible. Could you come up and say a few words please, Andrea? Thank you.
But if paper is the best -- paper -- one-day voting. You know why, because we don't want the air conditioning to be fixed, "Oh, excuse me, you'll have to move those ballots in that room. We're going to fix the air conditioning." "Oh, where are we going to move them?" "Well, let's move them out of the place for a little while. We'll move them back next week."
We would have had a deal, but the election got in the way of that one. We did the Abraham Accords. We did so much. But we would have had a deal there, and that would have been a good one. But they've done nothing with it. They haven't done anything with it. They had such a great negotiating position, but they had no idea.
I could stand up. I could do this for 20, could stand up. I could do this for 20, could stand up. I could do this for 20 hours straight wouldn't matter, but hours straight wouldn't matter, but hours straight wouldn't matter. But nobody wants to watch this stuff for. Nobody wants to watch this stuff for.
And just in conclusion, it's -- first of all, it's been a great honor to be with you. This is a -- really it's a great state, they're great people. I really mean it. No, I really mean it. Get out there on November 3rd. We've got to win this one big. This is a bad, bad ideology. This is a step beyond socialism.
We appreciate it. Thank you.
The specific crimes committed to carry out that enterprise are too numerous to cover in this speech. I walked through two of them yesterday -- the sale of U.S. Uranium to Russia, and the exemption of a telecom giant from sanctions after they paid Bill Clinton for a speech.
And Biden opposed both, remember? They're highly infected. I said we got to stop it. We pioneered incredible therapies. Excuse me, here I am, here I am. I don't know what the hell is wrong. All I know I got it and I have to -- Look. As President, I can't stay in the basement of the White House. I really can't. I have to meet, I meet with families, gold star families.
They're not going to withstand that fire because that fire doesn't stop just with me. That fire is going to go on against any conservative, any Republican, and anybody other than them because they want the power, but they actually want to destroy our country. I believe that because there could be no other reason, but I know them all.
We have to solve our problems and we're going to make this country so strong and so great. We're going to take care of our veterans. Our veterans are just absolutely treated so badly. Our veterans are treated so badly. You look at the Veterans Administration, one of the most corrupt groups of people anywhere in this country.
I want to be extremely accurate. They came -- they came to see you in Detroit. I'll tell you that's a good thing because they're going to hear some things that I think that are going to be very interesting. Perhaps most importantly, I imposed a 27.5 percent tariff on all Chinese automobiles, which largely kept them out of the market, meaning kept them out of the market and kept Detroit in business.
This is the same thing. Make it fully deductible but only for cars made in America because affording a car is a part of the American dream. [Applause] Pretty good, right? What do you think about that, Issa? No, but think of that. Nobody thought of that. Number one, they didn't think about making it deductible.
We're going. Well, no deal. Now, you leave. You double up the sanctions. They were choking. They were choking. You double up the sanctions. Within 24 to 48 hours, they'll call. We got our prisoners, right? Now, here comes the tricky part. Now we have our prisoners. They're gone. This is four years ago, not the other day when we released them and we got -- you know, we gave -- basically what did we do? We gave them $150 billion for four prisoners, OK? $150 billion for four prisoners.
They were treated really rough. And Abraham Lincoln was second, but he had a civil war. You know, you can understand that. But nobody was treated like me. Nobody. And I will tell you, you learn a lot about yourself. But there's nothing I'd rather do. I had to make a decision: Do I do this? Because if I lost, it would have been very, very bad.
Which may go down as one of the great political lies of the century. Even the skeptical Democrats believed him and approved the legislation. There were Democrats that were very much against it, but they believed him and they approved it. No one ever read, or certainly very few people, the 2,700 page bill. To this day, nobody understands it.
Are we allowed to tell them who we would like them to vote for? Because you're allowed to skip. Right, so wait a minute, let's do a poll. We do this for the fake news back there. Ready? Who would be the best candidate for us, not for them? You're ready? Ready? So, let's go through them just quickly. We won't include Steyer because he's a loser, he's out, OK. Who would be the best?
This is the decision of the judge. The President enjoys unconstrained authority. This is again, the decision of a respected judge to make decisions regarding the disposition of documents. Neither the archivist nor Congress has the authority to veto the President's decision. In other words, the President alone, Not the vice president, not allowed, not other offices, and not the senators.
And some of them tried to do it.
Maybe he'll lose the election." That's against the law. It's against the law. He can't do that. I'm supposed to be doing a good job. I'll tell you what: If it weren't for him, I really think they would've already been in negotiations with us, maybe even had a deal. But maybe that won't happen. And if it doesn't happen, that's fine with me. I have unlimited time, as far as I'm concerned.
Hillary Clinton is desperate to cover-up her crimes. That's why she deleted 33,000 emails. That's also why she lied repeatedly to Congress and the American public.
I'm OK with it, seriously. If we lost the election, we lose an election. I'll go home. I'll start building buildings. I'll do something. I'll keep myself busy. But you know what? If we lost the election, we know when we lose. You know, in Georgia, they had an election. We did so well and everyone knew we won by hundreds of thousands, and they stole it from us. And what happened is we had two senators running a couple of months later.
You -- 10 million, 12 million, even if it was, it's still so many. But I believe the real number is over 20 million people. That's larger than New York State. Kamala Harris wants to eliminate private health insurance and give free taxpayer-funded health care to every single illegal alien in the country. [Audience boos]
And we are going to get ANWR, that I told you about in Alaska, open and operating immediately. We will close the border, let people come into our country but only if they come in legally. And we will immediately drill, baby, drill. [Applause] And we will stop outsourcing and turn the United States into a manufacturing superpower.
We didn't have free speech. I ended all of the lawless so-called diversity, equity and inclusion bullshit. All across the entire federal government and the private sector. And I made it the official policy of the United States government that there are only two genders, male and female. And a really easy one, this was the easiest one I had.
I won't be here and you know what they'll do? I'll say, How's the Olympics going? Does anybody have a ticket for the President that got the Olympics to come here? They'll say, I want to thank and they'll thank hundreds of people, but they won't thank you, President, that I'm the one that pulled it off. But that's OK. 2028 Olympics is coming to Los Angeles.
In Detroit, half of all its residents do not work. In Milwaukee, almost 4 in 10 African-American men between the ages of 24-54 do not have a job.
You see what's happening. It's a beautiful thing to watch. That's why outside right now -- I hope they haven't left -- we put big screens out there for them -- but you have close to 20,000 people standing outside. In the great state of Missouri, you had a big, beautiful arena. I always say Madison Square Garden, less maybe 30 percent, OK? Big, beautiful arena.
And we have tremendous support from Rob and the Senate. I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal, and look what happened to Iran. You know, when I took office, Iran was all over the place. They were taking over Syria. They were taking over Yemen. They were taking over everything.
Well, thank you very much. It's great to be here. It's nice to be able to be a proxy for him because we know what he feels about this country. We know the values that he's instilled in us growing up. Education, family, work ethics, all of these things that are often lost on children of similar fortune. You don't read about many children that came from the kind of wealth that we were able to brought up with in the way that you perhaps read about us and I won't talk about myself that way but I'll talk about my brother and sister that way.
It's more appropriate name, but no, this guy's out out campaigning. He's been at zero. One poll had him zero with an arrow pointing list. That means he's at less than zero. For months he's been campaigning. Does he have nothing better to do. And who? Oh, he says, what about? Please, sir, do not call him a fat pig.
But we'll worry about that later. We want to get through the caucus. We want to get through it right away, and we want to win it by numbers bigger than we want it even the last time, if that's possible. So, thank you all. In less than four months from now, we're going to win the Iowa caucuses in a historic landslide.
You know, it's -- there's suffering going on. It's an operation. It's like an operation. And the farmer, the American farmer -- I don't know that I've seen almost anybody. And they tried to stick that micro- -- "What do you think of the horrible thing where President Trump is in a trade war with China?" And they'd say, "Sir, it should've been done a long time ago.
We like the -- we like the -- it's just a flowing. They do comma. They don't do -- they do a comma. Trump has won Montana. But you've been great to me. We're also taking care of your veterans. You have a lot of veterans in Montana. And our military -- you know, we've rebuilt and are rebuilding our military.
But he wasn't a crackhead. He was supposed to be the hottest politician in the entire party. He was a handsome guy. He was going to run and run, said, "I can't win. I don't think I can win against this guy." And I said, yes, you're going to win. I did two or three rallies for him. Remember, big, big, beautiful rallies, thousands of people.
We're working to help them. We're working to help them. They've been, they've been. Are you Chaldean? Oh. Wow. Good. Oh, good. All right, we're working to help. We're gonna help. We're gonna help. You know, you've only been working on it for 25 years. Just like I did with Israel and so many other things.
But on June 2nd, everybody has to do us all a favor. Number one, you have to get out and vote Republican. Get rid of these clowns and you have to get out and vote. You're really a brave man. What you did was incredible. Jeff Van Drew, what he did was incredible. Get out and vote. We're going to have a big victory.
Hillary's coming. Oh, Hillary's back. [Audience boos] You know, it's interesting. If Trump talks about the 2020 election, they say, "Indict him. He's a conspiracy theorist." But Hillary is still talking about 2016. She's like -- she has got serious Trump derangement syndrome. She's got a massive case of Trump derangement.
You go to Los Angeles, the docks. And I looked at cars. It looks like a NASCAR, which by the way, the owner of NASCAR, Brian France, a great guy, endorsed me. And he is a phenomenal, phenomenal.
It was a terrible thing. But we got hit. The whole world got hit. $62 trillion and millions of deaths all over the world. The world got hit, everybody. Abe in Japan was devastated by it. So many people were devastated, good people, very good people, great people, actually. But what happened was amazing, and now they see how bad a job they've done.
That's what's happening to our country. That's exactly what it is. It couldn't be more accurate. That's sad. I hate -- in a way, I hate doing it even. But people like hearing it. They've heard it 500 times. I only do it probably once every 10 times. But I gave you the option. But, you know, it's a very accurate, actually.
Take a look at the polls. Smart, they're smart people, and take a look at the polls. Not automatic anymore. And how do you win that statement? How do you win the statement that we have now? Let's say I'm in a debate with one of these Democrats, whoever is chosen. So far. I, like the field very much. [Laughter] Somebody said, who do you like best?
Take another one. Take another one.
I don't know if you looked at the border pictures today, thousands and thousands, they're pouring into the country and they don't do anything about it. And look, they can't be stupid because anybody that can cheat on elections like that's not stupid. They either are stupid or they hate our country because all of these things, no voter ID, why won't they approve voter ID? We want to have -- Why?
How does it help us? So we're closing our plant. We're moving to Mexico. So here's what I'd do. Now I have the best business leaders in the world, Carl Icahn, some of the smartest, the best, we have the best in the world. We're going to use them for trade. We're going to use them for negotiation. We're going to use them to our advantage.
To cover her tracks, Hillary lied about a video being the cause of his death. Here is what one of the victim's mothers had to say: "I want the whole world to know it: she lied to my face, and you don't want this person to be president." In 2009, before Hillary Clinton was sworn in, it was a different world. Libya was cooperating. Iraq was seeing a reduction in violence.
It's time to finally and completely break the radical-lefts, corrupt education cartel. Think of it. I'm standing up here I guess, as a politician. I'm a politician. I never thought of myself as a politician, but I guess I am. But think of it, I'm actually talking that we're going to stand up for parents' rights.
We're dealing with some people that are truly evil, truly bad people. Let me also express my enormous gratitude to every single one of you here today in the audience. We appreciate you being here. It's a great crowd. That's a lot of people, and that's a lot of fake news. Look at all those cameras up there.
In 2014, the Washington Post, another beauty, published an article entitled, Could Non-Citizens Decide the November Election?" The article found that 14 percent of non-citizens were registered to vote
And, frankly, there were times when I didn't think we were going to get anything because I cancelled every meeting -- how many times have you seen me cancel with the Iran deal? You didn't see Kerry cancel ever. He just took one bad point after another bad point, and then he signed a bad agreement, and then we terminated that deal.
And that's why we have a lot of companies moving back in. I mean seriously, when you see what's happening you look -- we're renegotiating NAFTA right now. I don't know that we can make it good.
But the hypocrites in the media don't want to talk about what Hillary Clinton has done to these victims. They don't want to talk about what their other political heroes have done to other innocent girls and women. People like Kennedy, Chappaquiddick. We remember that. Driving his car into a pond instead of calling the police, possibly saving her life. In fact, almost definitely being able to save her life. He went home and went to sleep. Did not report the incident to the police for 10 hours, yet he was hailed as a hero.
And that's what happens. Unfortunately, however, this is the kind of person that this country must have right now. Right now. Our current president, they all want me to say, "You're fired." I mean, this has been like -- we've got a long way to go before I start using that. It's too early. And to be honest, it's too trivial.
They're laying there rusting and routing, brand new, beautiful stuff, then you should vote for crooked Joe Biden. If on the other hand, you want a president who will seal the border, and by the way, let people come into our country, but they have to come in legally. Is that okay? But we have to stop the invasion and reclaim our sovereignty on day one.
If my people want to -- if you feel good doing that, go ahead do it. Get him out. Get him out. My people are the greatest. I have to let him do it. I always say, don't pay any attention to him. We'll speak over him. But my people always like to point and go crazy but that's OK. All right, get him out. Get out of here, please.
But eventually, the people with the housing have to find someplace to work. So, we need our jobs brought back, and we're going to bring them back. We're going to bring them back big league. And, you know, the funny thing is that the countries that have been taking advantage of us don't even like us. They will like us more, and we're going to get equitable distribution.
Your problem is the electric vehicle craziness that Biden is putting on everybody, not one car will be made in America within two years. And you got to be careful because that's -- and today I read, their new platform is they don't care about anything. They just don't want that to happen. And I want -- if -- "Sir, if I want gasoline, if I feel like driving for like, you know, cross country, I don't want to stop 37 times.
And I don't think they can get elected for a long time. They're still -- You know, they just suffered a big election defeat. They're very depressed and they're using the same things, right? We just signed a bill yesterday. It was so incredible that no more men playing in women's sports, right? Right? And stand up, big boy.
So, anyway, now we have thousands of people outside thousands and, they're going to pour in the filling up the floor. They're filling up and I just said you know what, they're coming through the mags and I said you know what, let's start a little bit earlier, right? The hell with this. Well, I want to tell you, we have a lot of friends here tonight.
I'm the only president in 82 years that had no wars. Remember crooked Hillary Clinton? She said, "Look at him. He'll create wars. Look at him. Look at his attitude. Look at him. He's going to create wars." I said, "No, no. My attitude is going to keep us out of wars." And that's what happened because they respected us.
But we got $6 billion to help us with opioid. So, if you want strong borders -- and again, we started that wall. We have $1.6 billion for the wall. We've started the wall. And, in San Diego, they came to us -- they wanted the wall in California. And you heard the story.
Somebody said he looks great in a bathing suit, right? And when he was in the sand and he was having a hard time lifting his feet through the sand, because you know sand is heavy. They figured three solid ounces per foot, but sand is a little heavy, and he's sitting in a bathing suit. Look, at 81, do you remember Cary Grant?
... forgotten. Boy, did they come out and vote, huh? They came out and vote.
It's the most unfair thing I've ever seen. And last week, I did what had to be done and it wasn't easy against the biggest lobby anywhere probably in the world, most powerful lobby, the drug companies, and I'm not even calling them bad, but they were able to do things. They're going to be fine by the way.
I'm so greedy, but now I want to be greedy for the United States. I want to grab all that money. I'm going to greedy for the United States. And it's true. But I always felt guilty. So I'm in this beautiful place and the crowd is lovely. I mean, we have the most incredible people in this country, in Iowa.
No, it's terrible. Well, yesterday you might have seen me, I was in South Carolina, made a speech on how to bring it up, The New York Times to me is a big deal, you know I'm from New York, very liberal paper, but that's, okay. You know, not everybody could be like us, but it's still The New York Times, right? Do we have to admit? Still The New York Times and I'm running the front page a lot on The New York Times and to be on the front page in New York Times is a big deal. But yesterday or two days ago, they had a story about me and they have some low-level Hispanic commentator, low-level guy, this one didn't like me, by the way, I think I'm gonna win the Hispanic vote.
Wow, that's unbelievable. And it's down 50 -- 50?
I don't know how the hell they do it, but they get it done fast. Remember I said where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? The next day it was like one of the biggest selling T-shirts. Where is Hunter? What the hell ever happened? He took the money and he ran, I think, Where's Hunter? He took the money, he went to China.
They don't want to talk about it, and Mexico is paying for the wall. Remember that, please. If I don't always play by the rules of Washington, and the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you, and I fight harder than any President has ever fought before. One of the biggest issues for Michigan, as you know, is this race, and then this whole thing.
I think maybe Karoline can break it. Not too many people are going to be breaking that, right? So, after many decades of failure and betrayal, we will cast from the power of die-hard -- that's what happens, these die-hard globalists like Joe Biden, who's crooked. Look, you know, when I got indicted the first time, I said, "All right.
And Kim Jong Un, when I was -- I went to the White House after winning in 2016. I sat with President Obama, which is a ritual. And you sit, and you talk. And I said, "What's the biggest problem?" He said, "North Korea's the biggest problem. I don't think it's solvable." I said, "Have you tried calling him or talking to him?" And actually, the answer was yes, and he wasn't responded to.
We have to have our absolute most brilliant people. This is such a competitive world. We have to have our most brilliant people going to the most brilliant schools and universities. And now that's what we have. These are these are some of the things that we've done for this country. And they are big. And a lot of them people didn't think would happen.
My poll numbers went up. "But they're going to impeach me." So he didn't want to look at election fraud. All of a sudden they said, "Who the hell would impeach this guy? He's the greatest thing we have." But we need tough people. We need smart people. We need people that are willing to fight. Before our very eyes, Biden and his left-wing handlers are turning America into a police state, like something straight out of a communist country.
They're meant for children and very old people. And what happens is he couldn't move it, he needed people to help him. So, a kid came along who was five years old and helped. But he went to the beach -- and he had one quality that I don't have and I wish I could have it. I'd pay a lot for it. He has the ability to fall asleep instantly with cameras on.
Michigan has to open, it was unconstitutional. She was running like jail cells over there and Pennsylvania, and, right, and so many other places. But fortunately you people are in good shape. You're in good shape. You have no complaints. Lock downs will also lead to a surge in drug overdoses. That's what's happening.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is not only a Boy Scout, he's your former national president. [Applause] The Vice President of the United States, Mike Pence -- good guy -- was a Scout, and it meant so much to him. Some of you here tonight might even have camped out in this yard when Mike was the governor of Indiana, but the scouting was very, very important. And by the way, where are our Indiana Scouts tonight?
The stupid ones come, you don't want them either. Nobody comes back. You know, we catch and release. We release them, and then we say, come back in four years, five years, they never come back, as obviously nobody would. Who would? We were the stupidest people on earth. But I asked for 10 things. But Remain in Mexico is a big one.
Substantially -- well, you know, it's January 20th. That's a long way away, meaning not too long. But think of it: One hundred and thirty-five times, we broke a record. We had a stock market record. And that to me is not a stock market record. It's a record for 401 [K)s. It's a record of people owning stock.
But the animal that went on to attack and tie up a 20-year-old autistic woman in Maryland before, raping her and strangling -- then strangled her to death very violently in front of numerous people. And actually, put it on tape, put it on tape, these are the people we're bringing into our country. In New York, this past summer, an illegal alien released into our custody and came into our country by Kamala.
Illegal immigrants are taken care of in many cases better than our vets. That's not going to happen anymore. That is not going to happen. We're getting rid of Obamacare. It's going to be repealed and replaced. That is a total disaster with premiums going up 35, 45, 55%. It's going to probably end of his own volition.
They should get them out before the election, as far as I'm concerned. They should get them out right before the election. They should have gotten them out a long time ago. We have, we have information -- You wouldn't even believe it. I don't even get involved. I always said I'm going to stay uninvolved.
One of the worst trade deals in the history of man or womankind with an incredible brand new U.S., Mexico, Canada agreement. I got it done. We got it done. USMCA right? Like YMCA. Remember, if you have a problem remembering it just think of the song YMCA. We love that song. USMCA. We've taken the toughest ever action to crack down on China's very abusive trade practices.
When they said Alabama, I said, "That has a good ring, to me." But it's something nice about somebody that doesn't need a teleprompter, isn't it? But for the past four years, you've lived in a state known for its fighters, its champions, and its warriors. You've lived in the great State of Alabama, one of the greatest of them all, from Huntsville to Birmingham, from Montgomery to Mobile, and from right here in Tuscaloosa to the gleaming shores of the Gulf of America.
This went on for years during the Obama administration, for years, and Bush. But this went on for years during previous administrations. They wouldn't take them back. I wouldn't take them back if I were them either. Look, these are street-wise people. These leaders are tough, and they're smart, and they're mean, and they think we're stupid.
First of all, he's got instinct, he's a professional. Bill Clinton, whether you like him, don't like him, I actually sort of, you gotta like him right? But, but listen. But he said, he said, "you better be careful." And he came back and said very strongly, "be careful of Michigan." And so then, all of a sudden, on the night before the election they took an unexpected trip.
So is it good or bad? They said, "Not good." I said , "Oh, this is a disaster." And it turned out to be that, you know, he talked about the border and he did mention the wall and then I said the first thing I thought of, I said, "But I've seen the Vatican that's the most incredible wall. That wall goes up to that ceiling, right?" I said, "What about this?" So I think he actually took a little heat.
And I'd say, "What do you have to lose?" -- after reading these horrible stats. And my people would say, "Oh, that's not a nice thing to say." I'd say, "But it's true." "What do you have to lose? Give us a shot."
So you have many lawyers coming up saying it's unsettled law, meaning who knows? Now the Democrats have already started a suit but they're going to start a major suit if he ever got the nomination. So how can a guy run for office when he's got this cloud over his head? You know on real estate, they call it, you know what it is, it's called a cloud on title, right?
And then they had a problem because a poll came out. It said Trump is gonna kill everybody. He's at 48 and these guys were at like 17 and 12. They say, wait a minute. This is a disaster. What do we do? So they look upon changing. I didn't let him change. I didn't let him change. But this was a winner -- this was a winner take all state that I was supposed to be taking advantage of, OK? There's only one problem.
I won big in Florida. Landslide. So it was a landslide. But I heard that we were gonna win big -- we did some internal stuff. We're gonna win Colorado big, OK? So it's June, we're doing well all over. Right from -- almost from the beginning, we've been No. 1, right? Almost like it took a couple of weeks to get the message out, but once the message was out, which is jobs, trade, strong military, take care of our vets, get rid of Obamacare -- get rid of Obamacare and replace it with something great, take care of our second amendment, which is under siege.
While there are many illegal immigrants in our country who are good people, this doesn't change the fact that most illegal immigrants are lower-skilled workers with less education who compete directly against vulnerable American workers, and that these illegal workers draw much more out from the system than they will ever pay in.
And you know I tell other countries, 'cause with me it's America first -- and I tell other countries -- and y -- 'cause they'll come, they say, "Sir, that's very tough." Well they've never heard that before, right? They've never heard of America first. I said, "No, no, it's America first, and your country should be first too." "You should say whatever your country is first, but we can't do this any more.
And we do miss Rush, don't we, though? We gave him the Presidential Medal of Freedom, right? Mr. Wall, over there, stand up. The nicest suit I think I've ever seen. Remember, I built 571 miles of wall, and we were going to -- that's far more than I said. We had the safest border in history. Now, we have the worst border in history.
These are all terms that some of you aren't familiar with. They're bad. And we will clamp down on illegal immigration, just like we did less than two years ago when we were setting records at the border. We set every record. We will stop the crime wave in Democrat run cities. We will give our police the power they need and the respect they deserve and let them do their job the only way they know how to do and we will not take legal protection away from that.
What a shame. Police and firefighters also, we have every endorsement from virtually every sheriff's department, police department. I don't think they have one cop. They're looking for just one cop. Is there one? Well, it's not going to be a New York's Finest. By the way, how good are the police outside, New York's finest?
They can't be. Like, if we wanna have a special session -- because your legislature's excellent, they wanna have a spe -- Why wouldn't they let us have a special session? If they wanna check signatures in Fulton County, not in Cobb County. We didn't ask for Cobb County. They said, "We'll do Cobb first and then we'll do Fulton." They do Cobb, then they never get to Fulton.
But these are great people that do a phenomenal job, that actually are appreciated by the public. By the public, they're appreciated, and they're loved and they're respected. And the public doesn't want to happen what's happening to our police. They took away their dignity, they took away their right to do the job that they want to do, and they're doing the job now. And, for me, they do the job.
It wouldn't have happened. There was no reason for it. Inflation just reached another historic high congratulations. Surging food, energy and electricity prices are busting family budgets, crushing small businesses and causing shortages, suffering, mayhem and despair. Did Biden and the Democrat Congress keep spending us further and further into oblivion, pouring fuel on the inflation fire and incinerating trillions of dollars of middle class wealth?
This was like a movement in 2016. There was a movement of a lot of people. And by the way, you made up a good portion of that movement. You know that. Diamond and Silk, you're so [Inaudible] so great. And I hear you're knocking them dead. You're all over the place. That's good. It's the way it's supposed to work, right?
She was a lot smarter than Joe. But I'll tell you, there was a certain sense of sanity four years ago. These people have gone insane, and they're radical left, and you look at some of the things happening in these Democrat- run cities, which we could solve in two minutes. All they'd have to do is call us, right?
And for four great years, we dealt the radical left maniacs and special interests one historic defeat after another because we put America first. It's very simple. They weren't too happy about it either, were they? Every day since our 2016 victory, that was some year, the sick political class we defeated has been trying to scratch and claw their way back into total control over our lives.
I kept my promise. Recognize the capital of Israel and open the American embassy in Jerusalem. I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieved the first breakthrough in the Middle East peace, and you saw that two days ago, UAE, Bahrain, Israel, nobody thought it was even possible.
The direction I will outline today will also return us to a timeless principle. My foreign policy will always put the interests of the American people, and American security, above all else. That will be the foundation of every decision that I will make.
In conclusion, our MAGA movement is by far the greatest political movement in the history of our country, and if it wasn't for those very dishonest people back there would say it loud and clear. Together, we're standing up against some of the most sinister forces, entrenched interests, and vicious opponents our people have ever seen.
Really, these people are very, very bad for our country. We have to take back the House of Representatives. We have to. Registered Democrats and independents are leaving the Democrat Party in droves and we are welcoming these people and these great voters to the Republican Party with wide-open arms, and we are thrilled to be joined tonight by a lot of your great leaders.
My first visit during my travels took me to Saudi Arabia, where I had the honor of participating in a historic summit with the leaders of more than 50 Muslim and Arab nations -- hosted by King Salman, a wise leader who expressed his strong desire to work with the United States not only to confront terrorism but also the extremist ideology behind terrorism.
The commentators were talking about it. They said let me tell you something if Trump gets 25% of the African-American vote this election is over. He wins. This is over. Now, I don't know if I'm going to get 25% but I have a great relationship to the African-Americans. They loved me. I love them. We're going to do great with -- we're going to do great.
It's embarrassing. This is like embarrassing all the time. You know, I say, we don't win anymore. We don't win. We never win. When was the last time we had a win? We don't win anymore ever, ever. Even remember our sailors, two weeks ago. So what did we do wrong? We did nothing. We did nothing. So they go a little of course.
And then I see Cruz. I won Utah. He doesn't talk about the fact that he got killed in Arizona by a landslide. We've got a corrupt system. It's not right. We're supposed to be a democracy. We're supposed to be, we're supposed to be you vote and the vote means something. All right. You vote and the vote means something.
And then you go back in the second time, and you say listen, you know that $150 billion, we have a problem, we owe $19 trillion, we don't have any money because it's nice to be -- my father used to say take the lumps out rather than saying, no, you can't have it. You know a stupid person goes, no, you cannot have it. You don't have to. You have to. Just say, hey, we don't have any money.
They want the wall. And we have a man in the audience. Who is, I think, the best dressed man in this entire place, including me right here. Look at him. Come in. Look at him. Look at this guy and he's been to a couple rallies to haven't you, huh? We have some people, a group of people the other day -- You know we had a victory in North Carolina that was unbelievable, two of them.
They want to make all electric. We make the best tanks in the world. They want to have them -- so that as we go into a country to bomb the hell out of it, we will do it in an environmentally friendly way. And with an army tank, again, the battery is very big, very heavy, and doesn't last long. You know what it is? It's an army tank, and it's like you're pulling a wagon behind the army tank.
And I said, "Well, let's talk."
And we are fighting for the lives of the unborn. We are also firmly protecting the Second Amendment and your right to keep and bear arms, and it is under siege. It is under siege, but we are protecting. Don't worry. In addition, we're safeguarding your First Amendment right to free speech, including online and on campus.
But something strange is happening in Michigan, it's happening in other places, too, but it's happening in Michigan because were now at 20%. We're leading in the early vote and that's never happened, that's never happened before for the Republicans. It doesn't work that way. Now, in all fairness, until I won Michigan four years ago, Michigan hadn't been won in decades, many decades by a Republican, but we won it and now we should win it by even more because everything I said that would happen happened.
[Off Microphone] Thank you very much, everybody. Well, I want to begin by thanking the people of South Carolina. This is a special state. Thank you.
If you don't give us those soldiers, because you're the ones that are letting them in your country, and they're coming up from your southern border, if you're not going to give us those soldiers, I'm going to tariff you for 25 percent, then for 50 percent, then for 75 percent, and then for 100 percent.
I got them out. I knocked them out. We knocked them out faster. They said it was going to take four years. It took me three months -- less than three months. Our military is great, General Razin Cain. Our military is great. And our military is being dangerously drained and depleted while our own border remains wide open.
Almost immediately after getting into office, I heard about this disaster, just like Keystone Pipeline, just like so much else, Jason. And you'll be working on that with me and in the beautiful halls of the Senate. And he's going to stay with us. He's not going to be one of those that gets elected. He's not going to be one of them that get elected and then he walks into those gorgeous buildings when they had those big, beautiful dollar bills and they built marble columns.
I said this is the most beautiful airport I've ever seen. He goes, no, no, no, Mr. Trump. No, no, no. This is just temporary. The new airport is being -- and I look at the crane, there's like 70 cranes on the other side, two miles away. I said, what is that? That's our new terminal, Mr. Trump. This gets knocked down after that's complete.
They put them in these caravans, I think I came up with that name, with thousands of people would come in. And you have many, many people that were gang members and prisoners, people in mental institutions, as I said. So, I said inform the countries that we're not paying any more as of effective immediately.
We are a nation that is begging Venezuela, Saudi Arabia and many others for oil. Please, please, please help us, Joe Biden says. Yet we have more liquid gold right under our feet than any other country, we are a nation that is consumed by the radical left's Green New Deal. Yet everyone knows that the Green New Deal will lead to our destruction.
And the Border Patrol agents just gave us, as you know, their endorsement, never did it before. ICE just gave us their endorsement. Sheriff Joe from Arizona just gave us his endorsement. [Applause]
A lot of people in this room, you'll be back in six weeks, sir. But it's a bad system in many ways. Very bad. Very dangerous system. But nobody else can do it but us. In recent weeks, I've been laying out a bold, detailed agenda for how we're going to complete this mission in our next term. I do weekly statements and people are liking them.
And our country is not ready for a communist president and won't be for a long, long, long time to come. [Applause] That's why less than two months from now, we are going to tell her that we've had enough. Our country can't take it anymore. Kamala, you've been a terrible vice president. You'll be the worst president in the history of our country, superseding even Crooked Joe Biden.
People never talk about how many people are there. It's one of the largest crowds I've ever spoken before. Nobody ever talks about it. Pictures of the crowds have disappeared. Unless they give you pictures from five o'clock in the morning. One million people at the potentially historic speech, which it turned out to be a historic speech, and I recommended and authorized to numerous people, including the secretary of Defense and others, 10,000 to 20,000 troops to ensure peace, safety and protection.
And the company is a massive -- I built a great company, very low debt, tremendous cash flow. And believe me, if those numbers weren't good, I wouldn't be running right now because I wouldn't. And that's why a lot of people said -- I'm a private person. They don't know what the hell I have. Nobody knows what I have.
The other side doesn't like that much, Matt. And the fake news media is totally complicit in all of these things that are happening. If I renounced my beliefs, if I agreed to stay silent, if I stayed home, or if I stayed in my basement, the persecution of Donald Trump would stop immediately. That's what they want me to do, but I can't do that, and I will not do that because I love our country, and I love the people of our country so much.
We have the greatest. And it would be on line -- it's the pipeline. And it took 12 years, 14, 15, to get something -- we've got it done to a much shorter period, like four years, maybe less. But we have to be careful. But we have in some cases drugs or treatments or therapies that are fantastic. They're really looking good.
One thing was clear, that no enemy will ever even dream of threatening America's navy. There's no Navy even close. Not even close. You hear about some of them doing ships, but nobody can do what we do. Nobody has what we have. And we also have the best equipment that rides along in those ships. You see that.
But I hate to see it. But we're going to be working together to protect our children and with the grace of God and the blessing of providence, we will lead our country to heights that it's never seen before. I think we're going to be more successful in many ways, but I think we're going to be more successful than we've ever been.
He said, "I won't leave. I won't stop." He shot his rifle 18 times, killing 18 of the enemy. When they fixed bayonets and charged, he killed seven more. The entire German machine gun battalion surrendered because of one man, Alvin York. A generation later, the Army returned to Europe, and embarked upon a great crusade.
Schools are very important. Democrats don't want that. To uphold the rule of law, we have confirmed 191 brand new, beautiful Federal Judges, who will interpret the Constitution as written, and two great Supreme Court Justices, two great ones. As we rebuild our military, we have authorized over $160 million to support our warriors, at a place called, huh, McGuire Air Force Base and Fort Dix.
Oh, do you ever see this? If he would have done that, I saved you, Mike. I saved -- maybe I saved your political career. They would've had a front-page story about two hands touching. Mike, say a few words, please.
No, they can't make a deal. I said, "Why can't you make a deal?" "We can't. They want to put the tax on all these companies tax. If you're an American company, they got to tax you." I said, "That's not right." I said, "Give it another shot." They came back a week later. They can't make a deal. I said, "I'll make a deal." "What do you mean you'll make a deal?" Same thing, same old story all the time.
You know what that is? That will go along with the Trump tax cuts, which they haven't been able to terminate because we've drawn them so powerfully. Under the Reciprocal Trade Act, this is -- think of this. Every country -- do we have any children here? No? A couple. Such a good-looking guy. Put your hands over your ears.
These are incompetent people. We have incompetent people running our country, and our country has never been in more danger of World War III than it is right now. And we don't want to be the world's policeman. Under my leadership, our police and law enforcement knew that we had their back. We had their back.
She lied. On top of all of this, she wants to make our military woke. I don't think so. Just take a look. [Audience boos] [Begin videotape]
We will have peace. We're not going to let that go on people being brutally killed by the hundreds of thousands. The numbers are far greater than they report. We're going to rebuild our cities into beacons of hope and safety and beauty, better than they have ever been before. We'll work with Democrat mayors and Democrat governors if we have to, but we're all controlled by the Democrats.
I took over a mess. They even wanted to rip down a Lincoln, a Lincoln statute. Lincoln freed the slaves. Lincoln was a great man. He was a great president. George Washington, they don't like him either. In California, they have many schools that were named Washington High School, many of those names have been removed.
This is worse. But they make the leaders of our country do things that they don't even want to do because they've given them tens and tens and tens of millions of dollars.
How about the swimming records? Young lady, you've heard this. What should I do? This one or no? Because our first lady hates it when I do it. She says, "Darling, I love you so much, but this is not presidential. When you do the weightlifting, this is not presidential. Or when you do the swimming thing, it's not -- and I understand, or when you dance off the stage." She said, sir, she said, "Darling, I love you, but this is not presidential.
And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I am not a politician, but I've dealt in politics for a long time. I know them very well. I know them all very well. I dealt for a long time. I know them all. If I do not -- thank you very much. If I did not always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you harder than anyone ever before, right? [Audience chants "We love you"] [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you very much.
And they probably got millions in consulting fees. I'd rather give it to you people or rather give it to something charity, but they came along. I could just see, nobody knows consultants better than me. They make the environmental rules tough so you have to pay them a lot of money to skirt your way through, but it takes years and years and millions and millions.
So the tax increase is absolutely a disaster, and your governor as you know, voted when he was a congressman, voted for NAFTA which is, which is absolutely -- You know, Ohio has never ever come back from that. And yesterday I was in Cleveland and you had Ford left, and you had Eton left on the other side.
Year after year, politicians who ran for office promising to fix our horrible trade deals and I took it on. And that's right, when they charge us a tariff, we charge them a tariff now. OK? And we're going to be introducing legislation on that very subject. When we charge them, you can call it a mirror tax.
Obama wants to make a larger room in his house. So Rezko sells him at below market value, a little chunk of the back of the lot. Now, what does that do that ruins the lot for Rezko? In other words, nobody's going to buy. Oh gee, let me buy that lot. And by the way, how come the back of my lot is gone? Where is it? Oh, your senator's on it. OK, so he buys this junk.
They're either incompetent or they hate our country. And there is a third reason, and I hate to mention it. They're trying to get these people signed up to vote. That could be it, too, and I hope that's not it. And I hope I know your governor's working hard on this. I think your governor, lieutenant governor, and attorney general, they're not gonna let it happen in your state.
You know, when I decided it was going to be him, and it was early, because honestly for 10 years I've been hearing about a man named Judge Brett Kavanaugh -- I've been hearing about him for a long time, and they all said he's fantastic, intellectually, he's a great scholar, and he will someday be on the Supreme Court.
And JD will be there to help them. I know that. 2024 is the most important election in the history of our country, and here are the facts. My opponent, Kamala Harris, is the most incompetent and far-left nominee ever to run for president. You know, she's much further left than Crazy Bernie Sanders. You know that.
Al Baghdadi is dead. Al Baghdadi is dead. 17 years in look for him. 17 years. Al Baghdadi. One of the first things I did when I came in, you know, he's the founder of ISIS, and when I came in three years ago, ISIS was all over the place and I said you've got to knock it out. We knocked it out of Syria, Iraq and other places really doctored 100%. Remember, I want to leave.
She said the world's longest track, it's the world's longest. She doesn't know that they don't want airplanes anymore, and yet, they fly around in brand new golf streams and brand new planes all over the place. They're flying from place to place. They're talking about the carbon footprint. We're going to destroy the carbon footprint.
I hear good, huh? That good? I'm very impressed. That's about as good as I've heard in a long time. And Adrian Smith. [Inaudible]. Great. Great job. Great job. Great to have you here. That's a great group of people, and these are warriors. They fought with me a lot. They fought with me. We just -- We, we, we keep winning over there, but it's not easy, right?
Thank you very much. It's a great honor to be here. And I have to tell you, this is sort of where it all started for me because, in 1989, a friend of mine -- a good friend of mine said, "Would you do me a favor and come up to New Hampshire and make a speech?" And I did, and it was really a speech in success and a motivational type speech to get people work in, and the nice part about New Hampshire, everybody works and we love workers and I think that's why I like New Hampshire, a lot of workers.
Nothing happened with our Second Amendment. We will protect innocent life, and we will restore free speech. And I will secure our elections. Our goal will be one day voting with paper ballots and voter ID. Very simple. But until then, Republicans must win. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done.
You know, it's interesting gun control because the bad guys are going to have the guns, people that are good, people that are really wonderful. They'll go get licensed and then they'll hear, oh, gee, they didn't make enough income or they didn't make some crap. They won't be -- the bad guys are going to walk into your house with a gun.
He's got so much cash, he doesn't know what to do with it. OT7 Quanny. OT7, where are you? And I love that hat on you. That hat looks great. Thank you. Great honor to have you. And a very special thanks to the Teamsters Local 500 that helped build this beautiful rally. They were working day and night. Thank you.
He was a young boy, very young, like early grades and he would say no, I can't. This was years -- after like two or three years of being harassed by Allison, who is very tough, a great wife, beautiful wife, but she's very, very tough. And finally, he did it. He took his boy. And it was on that day. And he dropped the boy off at 8:30 and started driving down the West Side Highway.
The Alien Enemies Act of '70 gives us tremendous power to the president to do what's right, to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. So, when they come back, if they come back -- when they hear that, they won't come back.
And I supported him. I supported him for president. I raised $1 million for him. That's a lot of money.
Somebody comes up with the paperclip, and everybody says, "Why the hell didn't I think of that, right?" Somebody came up with a paperclip, I guess, made a lot of money. And other people said, "Gee." But he said, "You know, I've been in the car industry all my life. I've never thought about that." So, we're going to make it fully deductible, the interest payments.
And they knew something bad was going on, but nobody knew exactly what it was. We did a great job on that with the ventilators and all of the therapeutics and Regeneron and all of the things we did, the robes, everything. We did things that nobody thought could be done in a very short -- and we supplied the states with all that stuff because the states were all empty.
It's wonderful to be back in Arizona with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. You are amazing people. This is a fantastic state. Thirty days from now, the people of Arizona are going to fire your radical and highly incompetent senator, Mark Kelly's grossly incompetent, and you're going to send desperately needed Blake Masters.
OK. It's an honor to speak here today and discuss our shared values. I'd like to thank all of the wonderful Christian leaders and Christian voters who have supported me. We've had tremendous support. Here we are and here are the goals that I thought I'd put some of these together and I did it just the other night because of this meeting and I wanted to come from me. From my heart.
I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message. [End videotape] So, she's looking to increase your taxes, the biggest economic disaster it will be in American history. I will deliver. And I'll tell you what, we're going to show you some things pretty soon that are going to be amazing. What we've done compared to what they've done, we've had the most successful presidency ever.
I would do it. You know when I saw his parents, I saw his father, and I said, well, well what have we here, right? I said what have we here? That didn't look like Duck Dynasty, that was a shade different. I said, whoa, what's going on with the father here. And that was the first clue I had, right? What do I know?
He can't do it. So that's it. That's it. That's much more interesting. They're going off the teleprompter, what do you think of that? But, uh, but you got to say it. You got to say it like it is. So Biden's agenda would be a catastrophe for North Carolina seniors and you know that better than anybody. For years Biden try to cut social security and Medicare.
And everybody thought it was a wonderful speech, wonderful opening. Then about a week later, they said, Oh". They took a statement and they dissected it and they cut out a few words and they said this. And all of a sudden. Then about a week later And it was very interesting.
He was always up there getting degrees." But he was at MIT for 41 years, a brilliant guy. He used to talk to me about nuclear, because he was a nuclear genius along with a genius about everything else. And he used to say that someday there'll be a time when a small package carried by hand can blow up an entire city.
Together, we will raise incomes and create millions and millions of new jobs. It's going to happen. It's already happening. You see what happened today. We will reestablish the rule of law and defend the Constitution of the United States. [Applause]
Nor can we let the hateful ideology of radical Islam, its oppression of women, gays, children and non-believers, be allowed to reside or spread within our country. Just can't do it. [Applause]
The only free aid they're going to get is a free ride back home. And I'm always going to put America first. And we are just three days away from the greatest political victory in the history of our country, I guess in the history of the world. But it only happens if you vote. If you don't vote, then bad things could happen.
Pamela. Attorney General Alan Wilson, just won a very big case by the way. Big case, Alan. South Carolina House Speaker, Murrell Smith. I love that name. South Carolina Treasurer, Curtis Loftis. Thank you very much. Thank you, Curtis. Congressman Joe Wilson. Do you remember Joe Wilson? Do you remember? "You're lying," he said.
I wonder if they really mean it, or do they just hate our country? Because it's not believable they can think open borders are great, that they can think defending -- you know, people that we shouldn't be defending that are destroying us, let's take care of them. Let's not do anything to them. Or defunding our police, that defunding our police is a great thing.
Con Edison, a great utility from New York many years ago, they used to have, drill, we must and dig, we must. So when they were digging in a road, they'd have a sign, dig, we must. Well, now we're putting those utilities to shame because I'm allowing all of those AI plants that are being built to build their own electric generating force and they're building them like nobody's ever seen.
These are soldiers that, you know -- and they stopped it. And anyway, so that was, sort of, interesting. The State Department, a woman that works at the State Department, a good woman, good woman, she's worked really -- covering Mexico, I think, for 20, 25 years. And I told her, I said, we're going to have to get Mexico to give us soldiers.
Your God given right? They want to take that away from you. From Akron to Toledo, from Cleveland to Columbus and from Dayton to right here in Youngstown, Ohio. You inherit the legacy of generations of Americans who risk everything they had for their beloved country. Ohio is the state that gave us American heroes, icons and legends with names like Neil Armstrong, Annie Oakley and the great general and President Ulysses S Grant.
Good luck. Have a great life. OK?
I mean it! I mean it! [Applause]
We have to win it for the country. We've got to take back this craziness. So, never in history has there been anything like this. If, for instance, somebody comes down in four years and they're going to be the Republican nominee or the Democrat nominee and they call for a rally and they'll have 300 or 400 people show up.
Moved their jobs to China and Canada. North Carolina has lost so many jobs. Pennsylvania has lost tremendous numbers of jobs. Ohio has lost 34 percent of their manufacturing jobs since China's entrance into the World Trade Organization.
Somebody is from Florida over there. Somebody loves rock. But I love Florida but -- and I have a lot of investment in Florida. Big investments in Florida. I employ thousands of people in Florida. But Florida is a special place but very big, very powerful and very important in terms of the process. And I have this massive lead in Florida that everybody was saying, wow, that has to be -- they actually thought it was a mistake when it went up. They thought the poll was a mistake, 48%. So and I'm doing I'm doing great all over.
He's doing very badly. His thing is falling apart, his company is falling apart. I see him on TV. I actually called Bill o'Reilly and said Bill what do you have a guy like that on television? Fox fired him and then he goes out does this thing. We heard he was doing well, he's not. But he's on and the thing that bothered me, he said Donald Trump voted for Barack Obama.
So, they start meandering down to the field and the fake news said, "There were empty seats. There were empty seats." No, there were no empty seats. They wanted to come down and be closer so I could see them coming down. When I started, it was packed. Within five or 10 minutes, the people want to come down to the field, be a little bit closer.
And inside the hotel, nice and high and nice rooms, the government is paying a fortune to keep illegal aliens that came into our country, many of them criminals. There's something wrong with the thought process. She wants to destroy your private health care, even if you like it, even if your employer contributes to it.
They were getting a lot, but they were getting $750 million. That's a lot, about three countries, primarily three countries. And then I heard the new administration comes in. Then I heard they were going to give them $4 billion. Four billion. And I said, "Why?" Because they want economic development to take place because this way people won't come in. Can you believe the stupidity of this?
Umbrellas work very well, especially when they're made in America." [Laughs] So, I don't care. But we're going to take a tour afterwards. I'm going to speak to some of your union leaders to say, "I hope you're going to support Trump." Okay? And if they don't, vote them the hell out of office because they're not doing their job.
I think I got $18,000 she got 48 million and I said, "Who gave me the 18?" I'm getting anything.
And she was one of the most popular governors in the nation, and now, she's proudly the least popular governor in the entire nation.
They can pay for their military. And these are the things I was doing as president. Are you enjoying this? Let's get on to another subject. But Europe is being flooded with Chinese cars, and they don't know what to do. Right now, you know, Chinese -- China wants to take over the cars all over the world. They just want to make the cars for everybody, right?
But I just had a hot dog, and it was very good. So, the price of hot dog is up 22%, chicken is up 32%, hamburgers are up 37%. That's why I had the hot dog. It went up the least. Soda is up 30%. Eggs are up 50%. Gasoline is up 50%. Bacon is up 79%, bacon. That's why I don't have bacon anymore. It's too expensive.
If there's any corruption, please report it to the attorney general of the United States, etc. It turned out to be exactly right. A lot of people are saying right now, they've got to undo even the theory of those indictments, because those indictments were fake, just like everything else. So, we have to get back to making our country great again.
The hostages were in the airport for massive amounts of time. And I guess one of them said they wouldn't let us go because they were waiting for a certain plane to come in. And I just can't imagine what was on that plane, right? We can't imagine. I'm sure it had nothing to do with the $400 million.
It's true. No, no, it's true. You look it up. A lot of the people that are now against the wall, including some of the Democrats, check Hillary, by the way, check, they wanted the wall, but they couldn't get it done. They couldn't get an environmental impact statement approved. Can you believe it? Now, you have China in the South China Sea.
We have also proposed a historic tax cut, biggest in the history of our country, by the way, and we are fighting for fair trade that creates a level playing field for all of our American companies and our American workers. We are not only fair playing field, but it's getting fairer by the day. We are bringing back our jobs. [Applause]
Not a good idea, Joe. Biden says he has a plan for the virus and he doesn't. He just copied. Did you see what he did? He just copied our plan, it's the same plan. He copied our plan. Everything he's proposed my administration has already done including mass production of rapid test and PPE we've done. And what we've done with the ventilators is incredible.
Every day the Republican Party is becoming more and more unified. Thank you very -- That was a good job. Boy, that was quick. That took about nine seconds. Thank you. Every day the Republican Party is becoming more and more unified and it is, and you see what happened. I mean we had a very good competitor, Ron, as you know, Ron DeSantis, Ron DeSantis, and he fought hard and he fought well.
And you know what else? I'm also getting your husbands, they wanna get back to work, right? They wanna get back to work. We're getting your husband's back to work and everybody wants it. And the cure can never be worse than the problem itself. And let me tell you, when she keeps everybody locked up like a prison, your drugs and alcohol and abuse and suicide, and so many things, so many bad things are happening.
To combat the scourge of homelessness that is plaguing Democrat-run cities, I will use every possible authority to get the homeless, drug addicted and dangerously deranged people off the streets and will get them medical care. But we can't have what's happening in San Francisco and Los Angeles and New York and Chicago and every other Democrat-run city.
We've had a lot of success here. Today, I'm deeply honored to receive the endorsements of more than 50 New Hampshire state legislators, many of whom are on stage with us and some of whom are in the audience because I think structurally, maybe the stage couldn't take it. But I just want to introduce them if I could quickly.
They said, Sir, he doesn't live in the district, but nobody cares about that or said really, let's try it on the voter. So, anyway, you have to get 50, in which case the elections over. If you get less than 50, you have a runoff and you take the top two. So Karen was fantastic, but she was with so many Republicans and he was essentially the only Democrat. So I brought him down, in a period of four days, I got no credit for this from these guys, brought him down from 58 to 48.
It will now be completed in three years, way ahead of schedule, years and is back. And I was out there eight weeks ago, and it was incredible. And earlier this year I signed legislation providing $100 million to fight the red tide that harms coastal regions, especially In Florida. The red tide doesn't look too inviting I come down to Florida say, "What the hell is that." The red tide, so we're going to get rid of it. And to keep America safe, we're rebuilding America's military might like never before, including $133 million for the Gulf Coast test range.
So here's the story. They have dinner. We have dinner. We all have dinner. Well, ISIS, we're dealing with scum. But they have dinner. Can you imagine these guys sitting around a dinner saying that the stupid Americans aren't allowing waterboarding. Which a lot of people don't consider torture. You know, it's a question.
And nobody talks. We talk about the 13, and we love those 13. And they're looking down on us right now. And they're proud of us, because we what we're doing. But we had some terribly wounded people. And overall, they lost approximately 250 people. That's a terrible thing. Should've never happened. Should have never happened in that location.
They understood it all. And by the way, there's nobody that knows our Southern border better than, I call them the Hispanics. I call them Latino, you know, I say what do you prefer? It's -- it's very interesting. Some say call us Latino, others say call us Hispanic, others say call us whatever the hell you want, we love you, we love you.
I know guys that you haven't heard of that honestly are phenomenal. I know a lot that you have heard of that aren't really that good, they're overrated, in my opinion. But I have the best in the world and they're calling me, they want it. They don't want money, they're worth billions of dollars.
Nobody saw that one coming. That was one that they said, this is incredible. But they also made a deal with China, and the deal with China was a phenomenal one by people wanted $15 billion in agricultural purchase. I said, you have to buy and otherwise we're not going to do business with you and other things other than the farms.
There's something going on, right? But I said -- but I said to the people assembled -- I said, "Let me ask you this question", it -- cause it's so to me important. I said, "You have such power, but you guys are all afraid to use your power. What is it?" And then after about two minutes, I figured out. During the Lyndon Johnson administration, the power was taken away because they going to lose their tax exempt status if they get a little bit political.
Hey, by the way. Can you imagine? We're going to have number three in one term, which is a record. A record. You know, presidents go an entire, you know, presidency, a one term, two terms without ever having to pick a Supreme Court. I have three in the first term. Their heads are exploding. [Laughs] These people can't believe it.
I remember when I was growing up, Made in the USA, or made in... it was on everything. It was on everything. A country, Czechoslovakia, a long time ago, people used to take single dollar bills, and they used to paint them and paste them onto the windshield of their car, because it represented America.
And they notified me, "Sir, we're 45 minutes out, sir. We have to close all windows. We have to turn off all lights in the plane, sir. All windows, all lights, have to be off, sir. We're turning off the lights outside and the runway lights, sir. They're going to be in a very dim..." Frankly, if you're not a 30-year-old pilot, you can't See anything.
I'd like to make a phone call." I wonder who he called. He called my friend, who is really a good person by the way, and loves his country. And he came back into the room within five minutes and he said, "Sir, it would be our honor to give you 28,000 soldiers free of charge." And we had the safest border in the history of our country by far, and that means drugs and human trafficking, which is mostly in women, I hate to say.
That's OK. Come on. Come on up here, Sean Parnell, who has my complete and total endorsement. [Audience chants "USA"] He's the real deal. You know, uh, Conor Lamb is just a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and crying Chuck Schumer. You know crying Chuck? He cries every time he thinks it's appropriate. Now I'll tell you what, this Conor Lamb turned out to be a stone-cold phony.
They want to abolish your borders and impoverish your families while spending your money on endless and very, very stupid foreign wars. They want to demonize patriots and persecute Christians while pushing the transgender cult on your children. Children turn 25 and they say, who did this to me? Who did this to me? How did you let this happen?
The Florida Voice poll 80% for Trump and 16% for DeSantis. In Texas. Great state, great, great state. They love the job we did. We had the safest border in the history of our country, and now we have the most unsafe border, I think in the history of the world. No third world country would allow what's happening to our country to happen.
One of your Senators said, one of your Senators just say. This is really, I came here to -- I get you to go out to vote tomorrow. I don't want to get too carried away with this, but one of your Senators just told me, said, "Sir, you don't ever have to come back to Louisiana. We have your back. Go to those states that are close, go to Michigan, go to Pennsylvania.
And you know what? Folks, it's this way all over the country. Look back there. People trying to get in. It's this way all over the country, because people are disgusted with our government. They're sick and tired of what's going on.
So here's the story. Everyone said and a couple of these guys came off the stage that we were competing with their gun. But they came off the stage and they said, you can't get Mexico to pay for the wall. I said, here's the story. We have, we have trade imbalance. Think of it, $58 billion. The wall is gonna cost $10 billion.
Remember this? We had the strongest, best border we ever had two years ago. Now we have the worst border. I believe it's worse than any border anywhere in the world because no third world country would let people come into their country the way we have. Right here in Pennsylvania last year, two illegal alien criminals, allegedly brutalized and bludgeon a man to death on a busy street corner.
But somehow the woman [Inaudible] It's just -- it's just a case study then we fix up the building, which was really easy. And I have it to this day, it's -- there's no ice rink in the world that does more business than our ice rink and it's been tremendously successful and we really have a good time and you know in a very, very large scale version, we have to do the same for New York State.
President Obama, President Obama lied to you about his support for the Renewable Fuel Standard. And you can trust Hillary Clinton far less than you could even Obama. She will sell you out. She's already sold you out. And her donors will be the only ones that are happy. Believe me and you see it happening.
I don't know if you know that. They don't cover it. We have a new category of crime in our country. It's called migrant crime, and it's taking over America. You know, in New York, what's happening with crime is it's through the roof and it's called migrant. I call it a new category. I just came up with that name, but I think it's appropriate.
You're going to see the migrants that come in illegally, in many cases, they're criminals, I said, from jails and from mental institutions. They're getting treated better than our military than our veterans. Our veterans are lying on the streets, and we're taking care of people, putting them in luxury hotel rooms.
We gave Iran $6 billion for five people, $6 billion for five people. A hiker goes over and says, "Oh, look, there's Iran. Let's go hiking." We give them $1 billion to get the hiker out, gave them $6 billion, and then we gave $10 billion because they supplied some electricity to Iraq. What the hell do we care if they supply it to Iraq?
When you looked at that horrible woman last night, you said I don't think so. I don't think so. [Applause]
It's unbelievable crime coming through our border. They're hurting us economically but unbelievable crime. By the way, we want people to come into our country but they have to come into our country legally, legally, legally. [Audience chants "Build the wall"] They have to come in legally. So, the President of Mexico yesterday, or the ex-President, whatever or whoever, who cares?
Ohio. You ever hear you can't win unless you win the great state of Ohio. Did you ever hear that? Well, Ohio is, uh, looking real good. They're all looking good. You know what's looking good? Pennsylvania's looking good. Real good. That great red wave is going to be very beautiful to watch. We're looking good.
He took a hard shot. He took a hard shot guarding his family. Master Sergeant Shiloh, your commitment represents the very best in America. Thank you for your incredible service that day and forever. Because that day was a horrible day, but you acted with incredible bravery. We've gotten reports about what you did.
These beautiful women up here. You would never, ever have dinner with some of these people, although they're very rich. You might have dinner with them, actually. You might. Would you? Does money matter that much? She says no. I'll bet you would. But no. No, these are people that, in many cases, are horrible people.
A lot of people said I shouldn't have been here. A beautiful day in Pennsylvania. It's a shot that should not have been missed -- missed. It got me a little bit. It got me a little bit. But pretty amazing. My son who is a great shooter, Don -- both of them, Eric. They said it's like sinking a one foot putt from where that shooter was with that particular weapon.
Let's go have a good time. And, Paul, I want to thank you for nearly four decades of exceptional service in the line of duty. I am thrilled to be here at the 126th Annual Conference of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, joined by thousands of amazing law enforcement leaders -- people that I know, people that I love, people that I respect -- who defend our communities, chase down criminals, and keep America safe.
I said at the United Nations, "We're putting America first. And if you're the leader of another country, you should put your country first." But we'll be able to compete and win against any country. That I know.
The House bill ends the Obamacare nightmare and gives health care decisions back to the states and back to the American people. These are the conservative solutions we campaigned on, and these are the conservative solutions the American people asked us as a group to deliver.
And they don't want crime in the suburbs. And you know, Antifa -- Antifa says that's the next place they wanna head. They're not heading to the suburbs. And you know what? As soon as I say that words, they want law, order, they want safety, they want to have their families be safe. And then they say about -- I think we're gonna do very well with suburban women.
That means if somebody else would drop out, they would accumulate and instead of Trump winning, they'd accumulate and Trump would lose, 55 to 45. What they don't understand is when they drop out I get a lot of those votes but they don't want to say that. They don't want to say it. For instance, when my very dear friend Jeb Bush dropped out, he dropped out.
That is why the United States vigorously defends the traditions and customs that have made us who we are. Like my beloved country, each nation represented in this hall has a cherished history, culture and heritage that is worth defending and celebrating, and which gives us our singular potential and strength.
So, let's go. You ready? [Audience responds "Yeah"] On her way to work, one morning, down the path along the lake, a tenderhearted woman saw a poor half-frozen snake. His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. "Poor thing," she cried. "I'll take you in and I'll take care of you." "Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh tender woman,"
Thank you very much, everybody. This is a case where if they can do this to me, they can do this to anyone. And these are bad people. These are, in many cases, I believe, sick people. When you look at our country, what's happening, where millions and millions of people are flowing in from all parts of the world, not just South America, from Africa, from Asia, from the Middle East.
The College Home Run Derby. I said, "Let me see you. I want to see what you look like." He stands up, uniforms everything else. And by the way, did something for Air Force, but they do something for all of the academies. If you were a great athlete and they had a hard time recruiting, although they've done well.
I want to thank President Obama. He left us 142 openings. Nobody gets left one opening, a federal judgeship is a big deal. Nobody gets left any openings. He gave us 142 openings. Thank you very much. He -- What happened, they thought Hillary was going to win so they didn't push it, and then they said, "Wait a minute these polls are getting a little close at the end." And they tried like hell to get some judges approved, but it didn't work.
So simple. It's so simple. Gas prices would immediately plummet. We had them down. In fact, I was having a problem. I got them so low I had to raise them a little bit. Our energy companies would have gone out of business. You remember that? And we bought a lot of -- a lot of it. We bought a lot of it for the strategic reserves, a lot of it at low prices.
Thank you very much. Under our leadership, we were a great and glorious nation, something you haven't heard for quite a long period of time. We're a strong nation and importantly, we were a free nation. But now we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. For millions of Americans, the past two years under Joe Biden have been a time of pain, hardship, anxiety, and despair.
I also want to thank the board of IACP, and congratulations to your incoming President, Chief Paul Cell. Where is Chief? Chief. Good, Chief. I have a lot of respect for the Chief; I know the Chief. That means I guess I have to be here next year, Chief. Is that right? [Laughter] Looking like that, right? That's okay. For you guys, anything I can do, I'll do.
I closed the biggest deal they've ever done. It was shut. And then this guy came in who's got a low IQ, very low. Now, he's got maybe no IQ. You have to check it out. And immediately, the first thing he did was approve the Nord Stream pipeline. And then they'd say, Mr. Congressman -- oh, look who we have.
Is Dan here? I hope. Come here, Dan. Come on, come on. Look at this, you mean I can't take this guy in a fight. Can you believe it, huh? Wow, wow, come here, come here. Hey, Dan, I'm immune and I can't give it to you, so that's good. We love you. So -- but I met Dan a few years ago and I looked at him and I said, how come he's won 181 and one?
Paul Young! Paul Young. Good Paul. You're doing well, I hear. Good, Paul. And the next U.S. Senator, from the great state of Michigan, the legendary John James! I'll tell you he's working so hard. Just get it. Just keep working, John! Keep working. We built the greatest economy in history, and now we are doing it again.
We have never been so close to World War III as we are right now. You look at what's going on in the Middle East. You look at what's going on with Ukraine and Russia. You look at what's going on, we have never been. And the -- the power of the weaponry is beyond anything you can even imagine. This isn't army tanks going back and forth, as I say, back and forth, shooting at each other.
And now that I am your President, America will expose the crimes of the Castro regime and stand with the Cuban people in their struggle for freedom. Because we know it is best for America to have freedom in our hemisphere, whether in Cuba or Venezuela, and to have a future where the people of each country can live out their own dreams. [Applause]
I'll take it. I'll take it. I've never had that before. I never had it. We won two and a half million. That's plenty. "We demand you take eight and a half. He doesn't know what he's doing. We want eight and half. These people are crazy. We must understand that border security is also health security. And you've all seen the wall has gone up like magic.
We stood up to China like nothing, like nobody has ever done. Everybody was being taken advantage of by China, to put it mildly, bringing in hundreds of billions of dollars when no other president had literally gotten $0.10 from China. We brought in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. We created Space Force, we rebuilt our military.
Get it done, including debt extension. From this day on, we're not going to let anyone tell us that American workers and families cannot have the future that they deserve. We're going to produce the cars and ships, chips, airplanes, minerals and medicines that we need right here in America. The pharmaceutical companies are going to come roaring back.
We will end chain migration. We will end the visa lottery. We will end illegal immigration once and for -- once and for all, we're going to end it, and you're going to come into our country. You're going to come in legally. We want people to come into our country. They have to come in legally. We will stop the crime wave in Democrat-run cities.
Seriously, they're spending billions of dollars to build stupid electric. And the problem, when it breaks, you have to send up to MIT, get the most brilliant people in the world, fly 'em out. It's ridiculous. The steam, they, they say they can fix it with a hammer and a blowtorch, and it works just as well, if not better, and I love the sight of that beautiful steam pouring off that deck with the electric.
And you need people that we look forward to working with, not people that we have no respect for. This is why Democrats on the border have such bad concepts, catch and release. Do you know what that is? They catch, they get them, and then they say, oh, goodbye, release them. And do you know what happens to that person?
Also among the victims of the Obama -- Clinton open border policies was Grant Ronnebeck, a 21 year old convenience store clerk from Mesa, Arizona. He was murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member, previously convicted of burglary who had also been released from federal custody.
Let me begin by expressing our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers for the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities. It is all the more reason why we must start immediately fixing the infrastructure of the United States.
What do you think about NATO? I said it's obsolete, number one. Number two, it doesn't cover terrorism. Which is true. And then they -- we changed it, right? To cover terrorism. And number three, because I heard this, that many of the countries aren't paying or aren't carrying their weight. And everybody, the next day, they laughed.
But Paul is -- he's a coward. He's a fraud. He's pathetically trying to deny -- he's pathetic. He doesn't see. You know, they don't want to see. You know what? They don't want to -- they want to stay with Washington because, otherwise, they'll get indicted. They'll find they did something wrong. They'll get indicted if they don't.
And he seemed like a nice guy, but he got a little bit rough. We will never pay for the F-bomb wall. I said, oh, the poor guy. He's going to get killed tomorrow in the papers. Nobody mentioned it. Can you imagine if I threw out the F-bomb. I think it would be the electric chair, right? Would it be electric chair?
I'm not paying anything. You're sending them in. They're coming in, in caravans. You have to do it." And he smiled and he laughed. He thought it was funny. He thought he was, like I was kidding. I said, "No, no. They're coming in through Mexico. We need 28,000 soldiers free of charge." And he said, "Donald, I cannot do that." I said, "Here's what you do. I don't want to embarrass you, so I'm not going to negotiate with you.
Thank you very much.
And they will have the support that they need to get the job done right, not like it is right now. It's not right. [Applause]
And under our leadership, the forgotten men and women will be forgotten no longer. We will love our country. We will take care of our country. We will pray to God for the strength and for liberty. We will pray to God and we will be with God. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
This stupidity of our leadership.
I will fully uphold. And I will continue to protect innocent life. We will restore quickly free speech. And I will totally secure our elections, so catastrophic results like we had cannot be had again. To have a great country, you need borders, and you need free and clear and beautiful elections. And we don't have either.
Look at that. [Audience Boos] Six -- they start booing. They start, they start booing. Oh, by the way, look at that Mika and Joe, Mika and Joe, look at them. We've got them all. We've got them all. But look at the press. By any standard, they have I think, 600 requests. Look at that. That's like, darling, the Academy Awards.
We will bring back law and order to our country. I will direct a completely overhauled DOJ to investigate every radical out of control prosecutor in America for their illegal, racist, and reverse enforcement of the law. How is how is Fani doing in the -- How is she doing in Fulton County, Atlanta. How's that trial?
Isn't that nice? General George Patton -- I saw that movie years ago. And a little while ago, we were at a rally, and it was a great rally. And I said, "Could you guys ever find that opening to George Patton?" Right? What a great thing that was. George C. Scott, George C. Scott. I don't know. Did he win the Academy Award?
The dishonest media will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives. On behalf of our great American people, will never happen. Their agenda is not your agenda. You've been saying it. I will never stop fighting for you. I am delivering on trade, on the economy, on the Supreme Court, on the Second Amendment, on our military. For our veterans and on our borders, where we are doing record, record stoppage. [Applause]
Nobody else would have done that. Nobody's -- I got the farmers of Iowa, Nebraska, Wisconsin, all these states $28 billion because they were abused by China for so many years. They said what was the number to Sonny Perdue, Commissioner of Agriculture in the United States, under me, good guy? He said about $28 billion.
I already knew they were corrupt. But, but they don't wanna write anything about it. So listen, so we caught him cold. Just like we caught them spying on my campaign. We caught them doing horrible treasonous things. Let's see what happens, should've gone much faster, I have to be honest with you. But we caught them spying on our campaign the whole group.
They've never seen anything like it. We also have an illegal immigration crisis, and it's taking place right now as we sit here in this beautiful arena. It's a massive invasion at our southern border that has spread misery, crime, poverty, disease, and destruction to communities all across our land. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Then there's an international crisis, the likes of which the world has seldom been part of. Nobody can believe what's happening.
A lot of courage, right?
We have a movement that everybody in the world is talking about. We have a movement of millions and millions of people. You know, the Republican Party, not known necessarily as the hottest thing in the world is now one of the hottest things in the world. It's one of the hottest parties in the world. You know, the Republican Party, four years ago Mitt Romney ran and he choked, he choked.
And another one that's been here, and he's a terrific person, a great football player by the way, Matt Whitaker, who's around some place. Matt's around some place. Thank you, Matt. He's a very, very loyal and wonderful man. He was really has -- he's been a wonderful man, and he's got a very special person looking down on him because a very special person who passed away, not so long ago, is looking down on Matt, and Matt is amazing.
From there, he sailed to the Pacific and saw action -- and a lot of action -- in the Pacific War. Like so many others of his generation, Gerald Ford returned home and started a family. He ran for Congress, where he served the people of Michigan with honor for many years. From there, he became Vice President and then President of the United States of America.
Today, grounded in these truths, we are presenting to the world our new National Security Strategy. Based on my direction, this document has been in development for over a year. It has the endorsement of my entire Cabinet. Our new strategy is based on a principled realism, guided by our vital national interests, and rooted in our timeless values.
They're emptying out mental institutions from all over the world, from the Congo in Africa. They're all over the world, from Asia, from the Middle East, from South America. They're emptying their jails. Think of that. They're emptying their jails. They're emptying their mental institutions and insane asylums into the United States of America.
I should. Should I? No? Yes? I don't know. It's a lot. Speaker, should I -- I don't know. Will they be angry at me? Yeah, they will. It's a lot of introducing. All right. Let's keep going with the speech, all right? But when you have a -- when you're in this profession -- I have a friend who wanted to come in, I said what's your -- do you like speaking? "Well, I do, but I have a great fear of speaking." I said don't be a politician.
They're saying, "We don't want these people." They're sending them into our country. Biden terminated Remain in Mexico. How good was that? You can't come in. You have to be in Mexico. They were taking everybody. He ripped up our Safe Third Agreements with Central America. You know, we had agreements with other countries.
And she came out and said, essentially, hey, I'm not here to impeach the President. But what they're really saying is they don't like the position they're in and they're going to like it less and less, and we're going to take it right up to November 3rd, 2020. We're going to take back the House. We're going to take it back.
Under Republican leadership, America is booming, America is thriving, and America is winning like never before, because we are finally putting America first. Just two days ago, the unemployment rate has fallen to the lowest level in 50 years. It was just announced that manufacturing confidence is at an all-time high.
Alabama. He said, this was the State Fair, and I guess he owns it. He said, I've been at this place for 60 years, 70 years, a long time, and you just broke the attendance record of a man named Elvis Presley. Can you believe it? He said, you just broke it, man. He said, I never thought that would be possible.
We have literally nations that you wouldn't believe ahead nations that you wouldn't believe ahead nations that you wouldn't believe ahead of us. They're like third world nations of us. They're like third world nations of us. They're like third world nations ahead of us in education. And yet we ahead of us in education and yet we ahead of us in education and yet we spend more money per pupil than anybody spend more money per pupil than anybody spend more money per pupil than anybody else by far.
They've been treated unbelievably badly and the fact that they continue -- and you don't hear they're going out on strike. They're going to do this. They don't do that. They would never do it. They're just incredible people. This will ensure that we can hire and keep the Border Patrol agents that we need to keep.
Well, you guys, starting right now, it's on you to reclaim what is yours, your country. It would be an honor for me, for you guys, to show the same amount of resolve that this man showed on July 13th when he took a bullet to the face and came back defiant. You guys take that attitude to the polls, to your text messages, to your friends.
I never even told you that. I don't know if she would've beaten you, Ted. I don't know. But I think I would've had a hard time supporting you. I would've said, "Ted, remember I told you I was going to endorse you? If you don't mind, I'm going to take that sucker back." No, but you loves the state and she loves you and she thinks you're going to do a fantastic job.
Now this is essential for your great state and my great state. Because Obamacare, the majority of the counties in your state have only one insurer to choose from.
Good luck out there. Go out there and do it.
... can provide school choice to every disadvantaged child in American.
They're great people from China. One of the biggest, the biggest bank. By the way, a bank that makes Citibank look like a speck of dust. It's so big. I think they have 400 million customers. Think of that. It's the biggest in the world than my tenant, and I say, the lease is coming due. And they come, we want to renew the lease.
It was stopped. They have a pipeline going into Germany, going into Europe. I stopped it. I put sanctions on all these states and all of these -- all of these companies that were building it. Biden approved it. And then, as you know, you've heard this before, he stopped the Keystone XL Pipeline. [Audience boos]
How about some of these guys? "The votes aren't final until two weeks after the election." You say, how do you tabulate the result? Everybody wait, the nation waits. It's a disgrace what's happened. And I asked the people on stage, and we have a lot of people in the audience that are great politicians and very important for your state, to -- I don't want help.
We could have been be energy independent. We could have been there a long time ago if we would have there a long time ago, if we would have there a long time ago if we would have been allowed to be there. But it's very been allowed to be there. But it's very been allowed to be there, but it's very important and you do a fantastic service important and you do a fantastic service important and you do a fantastic service.
I will be a President for all Americans, and I will campaign for every last vote, in every last community. I will extend my hand to every mayor in this country who wants to be a partner in making our cities safer for their citizens.But to do this, we must work with our police -- not against our police.
There's 7,000 people outside. We're trying to get them in. Should we wait for them to get in? I agree.
It makes sense, I guess, right? I hope people understand that, because they are spending a lot of money. They don't like me. I did something that was unthinkable. Check out the words, favored nation, check out the word rebate, because now I take the rebate for the people and I take the rebate to reduce the prices.
They don't talk about the wall. I got sued by Nancy Pelosi, crazy, Nancy. [Audience Boos] I got sued and I made one big mistake in the wall really. I always say build the wall, build the wall, build the wall, right? I should have just said very simply, we will not build the wall, the money would have come pouring.
Fund the 'Green New Deal,' right. Well, okay. Let's spend 100, think of it, their real price is 100 trillion dollars. 100 trillion not billion, We're now into the Ts. So what would happen, if you had the best year we've ever had and you had 100 years in a row, you couldn't make enough money to pay for that.
Now, we need a strong military. We need to protect our Second Amendment. We need to take care of our vets. We need borders. We need great education, getting rid of common core, so important. We need so many things, and by the way, one thing, and I know John Sununu and a lot of other people felt this was so important when they came out so strongly, United States Supreme Court. We need -- we lost a great justice, Justice Scalia. Great justice -- we need great justices, who are going to uphold our Constitution.
He will be a justice of the Supreme Court. And all my life, I've heard that the most important thing that a president has to do as president is the appointment of a Supreme Court justice and... And I disagree. I think war. I think our military. I think peace. I think those things are -- you know, those things are pretty important, right?
There will be no fracking under my administration he said. And you know why I add the word he said? Because they will take what I said and they will put it as a commercial. There will be no fracking under my administration. They'll have it -- and they'll have me say them. That's how dishonest these people are.
We will appoint justices to the United States Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. We will show the world that there is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach. There's no dream, no dream outside of our reach. We have all these people telling us what to do. Politicians, they know nothing.
Now, Kari's running against a hard-core leftist with absolutely no talent, with no personality, with no charisma, with no leadership ability. Her name is Katie Hobbs. She's a disaster. She's an open borders fanatic who denies there's even a small problem at the border. She was on the other day, "I don't think we have a problem at the border." In other words, you have no choice.
They strongly support sanctuary cities that refuse... to cooperate with federal law enforcement and release known gang members, predators, criminal aliens into our communities. That's not going to happen in Wisconsin, I can tell you that. Not going to happen. And we're getting them out fast. MS-13, thousands and thousands of MS-13, they're out.
We should once again require able-bodied single adults to go back to work or train for a job in order to receive welfare and taxpayer-funded benefits. We need the workers. We have to eliminate all remaining COVID mandates and lockdowns, and we have to rehire every patriot who is fired from the military with an apology, and we have to give them their back pay.
Hillary Clinton wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees flowing into our country. Unbelievable. It's unbelievable. Her plan will import generations of terrorism, extremism, and radicalism into your schools and throughout your communities, and you don't even know where they're going. Your government doesn't even know where they're going.
Yesterday marked the beginning of the Hispanic Heritage Month. Who's Hispanic here? Latinos for Trump, thank you. Incredible people. But we have much to celebrate unbelievable when you think the unemployment for Hispanic Americans is, right now, at the lowest level ever recorded in the history of our country.
I think you're going to see it. You come out as soon as you can, I think with your numbers, but because they're not explainable. They're not explainable. Um, so I just -- uh, Russell will do a great job. That's all. SBA administrator, small business. Now, small business is really big business. It's actually one of the biggest banks in the world.
And every business is going to leave our country and go to another country. They don't have to stay here, they have a lot of opportunity. It used to be -- you'd go to a different state. Now, they go to a different country, they'll go to Asia, they'll go to Europe, they go to different countries, and you've had that.
And they're fighting hard, they've been given a lot of notice. You would do it my way, general, right? You agree with me, right? Like, you know, the element of surprise. You like that, right? When we're fighting we go the element of surprise. It's just been announced that the residents of Virginia are going to experience a massive double-digit premium hike on Obama.
And they go out, they work, and they work. They've been campaigning there for weeks. They even had to leave the impeachment hearing. I said, "Keep them here. You'll get a real fast settlement." But they couldn't do it. But, they go out and they work and they spend tens -- I mean, just millions -- hundreds of millions of dollars.
Terrorists are coming into our country. If you look at 2019 -- and I disagree with this really, even though it's good for me. They said in the year 2019, not one terrorist -- there's an official definition of that, but you don't want to hear it. Not one terrorist came in. That was my year. 2019, one of my years.
He said it's impossible. He said, number one, they don't want your product. They make it impossible to take it in. And he makes better products than they do by far. They'll find any reason. "Oh, environmentally, we don't like --" They'll find any reason not to have that product. So, what happens? He goes to China and he sees -- he meets and then negotiate a deal.
But we want Syria to fall. There's so many things -- there's so many things. But the one game changer that we have to be careful with that we never really had to think about too much before other than a certain number of years ago is the nuclear. Nuclear today, it's not like soldiers in uniform shooting rifles.
Easily if you're a genius; more difficult if you're less than a genius. But he said, the best -- the best way to have an election is very simple: paper ballots, voter ID, proof of citizenship, same-day voting. And he said same-day voting. And there's a guy who's the -- the No. 1 computer guy, you would think -- you know, it's interesting.
Remember, we still signed the check. They said, "Sir, that's a terrible thing to have said." I said, "What is?" "What you said, what the hell do you have to lose? It's terrible. It's demeaning. It's horrible." I said, "But it's true." You know what happened? The next day, I picked up 10 points with the Black population.
And I mean, like football fields back. And you know what? I would ask the press to turn your cameras around and show the kind of crowd that we have because nobody's ever had a movement like this. Nobody's ever had spirit like this or a crowd like this. But see, they don't turn the cameras. They don't want to turn the cameras.
So unnecessary. And, Patty, we're so sorry for the terrible suffering that you've had to endure. I've had lunch with Patty. We've spoken. We've spoken to the whole family. And I've spoken to many other families, same thing. It's incredible -- it's just incredible that a thing like that could happen, no reason.
Thank you. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Get out and vote. And as we rescue our economy, I will also restore our borders. We're going to have a border -- we had the strongest -- oh, oh, wait, wait, wait. Bring down my all-time favorite chart. Bring it down. In history. I love that chart.
And her owners regulations will put them totally out of business and you won't be able to start. You cannot ever start a small business under the tremendous regulatory burden that you have today in our country. I'm gonna end it. I am going to cut regulations massively, massively. Our lower business tax will also end job-killing corporate inversions and cause trillions in new dollars and wealth to come pouring into our country.
And they didn't write about it. They don't talk about it. I go up, I make speeches about eggs all the time. I never get a reporter or writing about it because we were successful. If you're a Republican, when you're successful in something you have to toot your own horn. Talk about it because you're the only one that's going to. It's a pretty rough -- it's a rough business I will tell you.
Every time you see about thousands of people die from the cargo in that boat. Thousands of people died. And then the radical left say, "Oh, this is not nice." Well, thousands of people are dying because of those boatloads of, of drugs, fentanyl, and a lot of other drugs. We're restoring law and order to our cities and towns, including our nation's capital, Washington D .C., Where you can now go out to have dinner.
He's in a big jam. You know his sons left his, uh, laptop at some place. Fix my laptop, he forgot to pick it up. The guy from the laptop, it looks like he saw it, he said, "Wow. This is really criminal stuff." He brought it to the FBI, can you believe this? This could only happen to me. And the people of North Carolina, now this could only happen to... Can you imagine, he's fixing a laptop, he says, "This is really bad stuff.
[Video Ends] Can't let that happen. You can't let that happen. This country is so great, we have such potential, we're just starting to show our potential. If we didn't get hit with the plague, you'd see numbers, but we're gonna do it anyway, next year we're gonna do it anyway.
Whoever heard of that? Somebody else gets like $4,000. "How much you want?" "Give me 2,000 bucks." "You have anything?" "Six billion." It's always 6 billion. With Russia, it was 6 billion. And they also got back their spy, the greatest spy. They say, "Perhaps, he was a spy, but he was really more of an arms merchant. And the greatest arms merchant, the greatest buyer of military equipment,"
No. No. "You're going to do it." "No. But we can't do that." I said, "You're going to do it. And if you don't do it, we're putting this massive tariff on everything you sell into our country, including all the cars you sold. And we'll make an absolute fortune on you. All right? And he said, "But, Donald, it would be my great honor to do everything that you'd like to do.
We have a trade deficit of almost $800 billion a year. Now, who makes these deals? So with Mexico -- he says Obama, [Crowd laughing] Honestly, in all fairness to Obama, it's more than Obama, it's plenty of people, believe me. Plenty of Presidents allowed that to happen, and people that work for the President, so we're gonna get a lot of things straightened away.
This is unbelievable." But it's the No. 1 selling mugshot in history. It beat Elvis and it beat Frank Sinatra. Did you know that? Frank Sinatra had a big one. Did you know he got arrested for something? And I think Elvis had a fight at a gas station or something. But Elvis was one. Frank Sinatra was two.
I will fully uphold the always under siege Second Amendment, guns. I will always uphold. We will protect innocent life, and we will restore free speech, and we need free speech in this country. And I will do something that nobody else has a passion for, like I do, I will secure our elections and make them real, beautiful, safe elections.
And he didn't. He called me to thank me. He said, "The previous administration could not get it done. And you got it done. We didn't even know what you were trying to do it." So now they'll have a lot more money to give to their players and their players will still hate me, but that's OK. Stand for it, just as long as they stand. Just as long as they stand for our flag and our anthem I don't care how they feel about that.
Boy, they covered. Did you see the other day? Now they're finding out that to do an interview, an interview, they ask him a question. That means they're giving him the questions. They never gave me questions before. So to do an interview, he demands in getting the questions and his people write out the answer.
Everybody. Wow. What a great group. What a great group. My golfers. My golfers. Sit down, everybody. What a nice group. Who's the best golfer in the room? Anybody you know? Who's -- who is club champion here? Club champ. Who's the club champ. I want to fight them. I want to beat that son. Well, I just want to thank you.
And I really think it's going to be something special, but you'll do it in your own time and that's what I want and that's what you want, and that's the way it's going to be. When I left office, the only thing still standing between this region and its unbelievable potential was a small group of rogue actors and violent thugs seeking constantly to drag the Middle East backward and into havoc, mayhem and indeed, into war.
We traded -- Hello. Hey cameras, turn around there's another guy up there. The only time the camera will move is to see somebody like bye bye. That was the same guy fell as he came back in for seconds. What? No but it's sort of amazing. I have to finish the thing. So they never show the crowds. They always show my face and I have a big ego.
I think maybe a cure. I wasn't feeling great, and I was surrounded by doctors and they gave me something and the next day I felt I could take any -- I could take this guy in fight like no problem. No problem. With Sleepy Joe, I don't think Sleepy Joe would be a good fighter, do you? I ju -- asked Dana before.
I'm sure the guy made a fortune. So here's the story. We're going to rebuild our country. We need roads. We need bridges. You know what? Our bridges are falling down. We're going to save so much money on waste, fraud, and abuse. We're going to save so much. You're going to go out and vote but you're going to be so proud of what took place today.
This is isn't practice. This has nothing to do with Sunday. We're are just here because we just wanted to be here. And you know, Hillary, frankly, they talk about debate prep.
You have a governor in this state who's done a very poor job. Poor job. [Audience Boos] And he's backing crooked Hillary Clinton. He's a Democrat. And many of you are Democrats, but I know you're voting for Trump. How many people in this room are Democrats? It's a lot. And how many people are voting for Trump?
You know, I went to the best school and you don't have to go to the best school. You don't have to go through high school to understand it. What they are doing is they announced 14 hundred jobs, they just fired everybody. And they said we're moving to Mexico. And somebody took a cell phone some -- well, a lot of people are moving to Mexico.
I wonder where that money really goes by the way, right? I wonder where it really goes.
And the deductibles are so high that unless you get hit by one of those General Electric locomotives and you live for like a long time prior to death, you'll never, ever be able to use your healthcare -- the healthcare. Because here's what's happened -- here's what's happened. The deductible is so high, you never get to use it.
Her life has been totally shattered. Please take a look.
That's the largest influx of people ever to come to any country. There's never been anything like this. And we don't know where they come from, who they are. We don't have any records. There's no way to check it. You know, they come from some country that nobody ever heard of. They don't keep records, and we don't get their records and we don't know what we're taking in. But you know one thing?
He sailed right through. I thought he'd get a lot of -- I said, well, he's going to get a lot of Democrat votes, Ron. I said he's going to be an easy one, right? I told Ron DeSantis, I said this one's going to be so easy. You're going to get all those Democrat votes. I don't know. Thank goodness for the Republicans, right, Robert F, Kennedy, Jr. And where is Bobby?
If they take your property for a road or a highway, they pay you a fortune. They don't say that. They leave little things like this out of the edge because Ted did an ad, and I think Jeb did an ad in a couple of other people did an ad, and it was amazing. One group comes into my office, they're like so a conservative think tank.
And you may get rejected for environmental or safety reasons. But all of that stuff is going to go back. All of it. But he's the only politician I've ever seen saying he's, "Going to raise your taxes." Who the hell wants that? They're going to get -- They're going to get your Second Amendment. They're going to obliterate your Second Amendment.
And I said, man, I just blew it. And two days later, they called me back. We'll give it to you. OK. And I said, why -- they paid me a -- you saw the money I made on The Apprentice. I had to file it. How much was it? $213 million. Do you believe that? Nobody believes it. I don't believe it. I mean, to be honest, I had to file it. I had to file myself.
That was a long time ago. It's all a hoax. They say January 2017, a coup has started and the impeachment will follow ultimately. It's all -- it's all a hoax. It's a scam. And you know who helps them? These people right back here, the media. [Audience shouts "Boo"] And then it said the lights are going to go out, the CNN light is going to go out.
It's very simple. There has never been anything like it. This great movement of ours. Never been anything like it. And perhaps there will never be anything like it again. There's never been anything to compete with what we have all done. Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished guests, and my fellow citizens, America's comeback starts right now.
Now maybe times will change and that could happen at some point. I remember when Republicans and Democrats would fight like hell, then they'd go out have lunch together, have dinner together, go back, fight like hell and get a lot of things done. Now the lunches and dinners don't take place. The level of hatred is beyond anything that I've ever seen.
This kind of stuff isn't gonna happen anymore. It's not gonna happen anymore. Last month, you read they had 800 people, tough ones ready for deportation and they made a mistake. Instead of deporting them, they became United States citizens to which I said that's OK. That's OK. Call them up. Let them redo it. They can change it. And the people on the other end said, well that wouldn't be constitutional.
The Republicans have to understand that issue better. They have to speak about it better. Have to speak about it better. That was a big, big win. For years they were trying, 50 years, they've been trying to get it. I got it done and it's a great issue for us, but more importantly, from the standpoint of the heart, from the standpoint of your soul, it is what you believe in, so you now have a great power to negotiate.
She had a list like 56 people, and all they're doing is they want a fair election. They don't want cheating on the election. It's a disgrace. And now you see this stuff come out, and how bad is that, paying a guy almost $1 million dollars who had zero experience. But it's her boyfriend, and then they traveled all over the world.
And from Green Bay to right here in Racine, we inherit the legacy of Wisconsin patriots who brave the incredible dangers to carve out a life in a vast and wild frontier. We stand on the shoulders of the American giants who crossed the oceans, explored the continent, settled the Great Plains, won the Wild West, laid down the railroads, raised up those great big, beautiful skyscrapers.
Whatever happened to the American dream? They want to destroy our country, and they want to destroy the American dream. They don't want you to have the American dream. One of the first bills a Republican Congress will pass is to dramatically increase funding for ICE and Border Patrol and law enforcement so they can hire thousands of new agents to find and remove every single illegal alien who's causing us unbelievable problems that unlawfully allowed and was allowed to come into our country.
Thank you very much. Thank you. That's really nice. You know, in the history of politics nobody's ever heard that expression before. It's true. Look, Ronald Reagan, we liked Ronald Reagan, right, but nobody ever said, "We love you. We love you." Nobody's ever heard it before. Nobody's heard it before. It's an expression, sure.
The -- the sad part is that I have to tell everybody what it is you know because it's that's I guess the system in which we live. If I don't say that they'll say what Trump doesn't we have a plan. And I really said, "I'll never forget." Probably six, seven months ago they would say, "Well, what's your plan?" "I'd rather not tell you." That doesn't play well in a democracy.
In addition, we will get critical race theory the hell out of our schools, out of our military and out of every part of our federal state and local governments, just like I did two years ago. It was out. We had it out, but they put it right back in. We will also keep men out of women's sports. You know those stories that I tell?
But I say -- I say, "What do you have to lose? It's very much less effective when I say it that way. When I go, "What do you have to lose?" It's like let's fall asleep. But when I say -- but I remember I said it this night; I said, "What -- " -- it was 25,000 people. I said, "What the hell do you have to lose?" The place went crazy.
Electoral college, we had to explain to them. It's different. So we won three or six, and you remember they used to say once the 100-yard dash, you practice, once the mile, you practice. It's a different race. Winning the total vote is much easier, in my opinion. The electoral college, I had to go to 22 different states for the total vote.
It's a one-way street to unemployment. They're stripping us. They're stripping us of our jobs, they're stripping us of our money. They're taking our manufacturing -- I mean, every time I come to a location, I have statisticians and they give me these numbers. I don't even need the statisticians no matter where I go.
Think about that. How would you like to be a father and watch this guy? Not a stupid man. He's a psycho, but he's not stupid, and he does have an oddly shaped head. It's shaped like a watermelon, right? No, he's a psycho, and he acts like so sanctimonious. "Ladies and gentlemen, I'm sorry to report. Donald Jr. will be in jail for what he's done." And they -- and he knew it was a hoax.
It's crazy what's happening. We can't let it continue. Joe Biden is the face of left-wing failure and Washington corruption. He had a big G20 dinner tonight. Everybody flew over to wherever they flew over. And guess what? He never showed up. They're still looking for him. What's going on? G20? I used to love that.
It really is, but we're watching them and we're watching very closely and we were ready. You know that night when the attack was made on us. The attack was made on us. Remember this, they killed an American. They killed other people just before that. And so, we did what we did, right? And they said it's our turn now.
Thank you very much. Thank you. God bless you all. Thank you, North Carolina. Thank you very much. [Applause]
I will be meeting with the NRA, which has given me their earliest endorsement in a Presidential race, to discuss how to ensure Americans have the means to protect themselves in this age of terror.
Thank you, Melania, Tiffany, Laura. Thank you very much. [Applause]
If any senior doesn't vote for Trump, we're going to have to send you to a psychiatrist to have your head examined. And while working Americans catch up, we're going to put a temporary cap on credit card interest rates at 10 percent. People are paying 22 percent, 25. It's not fair. We're going to put a temporary cap at 10 percent.
That is why my administration is taking power out of Washington and giving it back to the people where it belongs, said right from the beginning. [Applause] For too long, politicians have tried to centralize authority among the hands of a small few in our nation's capitol. People are getting very rich. Bureaucrats think they can run over your lives, overrule your values and tell you how to live.
I thought it was my idea, but then I came back and I said -- what a great idea. They said, we've been trying to get it passed for 44 years. I mean, how simple? Right? Forty-four years. But because of guys like this, right, Steve, Jeff, everybody, Governor, you were incredible, Pete Ricketts. You helped so much.
He never put it in his personal financial disclosure form. That's a big no, no. If I did that, can you imagine the headlines of me? I have billions and billions of dollars of stuff. I put in almost 100 pages. Every reporter back there. They've gone over every word. I mean, you haven't heard anything. I mean, I've professional people doing it but you haven't -- I guess, I got the right professional people because believe me if there was two cents worth of mistake, I have nothing but you know newspaper headlines.
I took all the things, I said, "Let's get it done." And then, we got two of the other ones done, and they're doing unbelievable business. And it was foreign money being poured into the United States. They would have never gotten it approved. And we have many such plants, different types, but plants will never get approved.
They said, "What happened the second time?" "Well, we did much better." "Well, what do you mean, you did better?" "We got millions more votes, millions and millions more votes." And they said, "Yeah." That's sort of right when you think about it, I guess, right? But we're going to do something that's historic now, and we're going to bring our country back from the dead.
And that will be used to do things that will be great for our country, including to invest and wisely invest and build it up bigger and stronger and better than any place on Earth. We will build extraordinary national development projects and everything from highways to airports and to transportation infrastructure, all of the future.
You have many, many factories now, under construction, expansions of existing. You haven't had that ever. And then Biden -- And remember this, I only ran because of Biden and Obama. If they did a good job, I wouldn't have run and I guess I wouldn't have won either. But I wouldn't have run. They did a lousy job.
I felt we were doing good but, you know, when you haven't it in like 38 years or something, you know, you could feel good, but you realize maybe it doesn't work out. But this woman would call me and she'd say you have to come. And so, finally, it was toward the end. And I said Ronna, "I'll do it one more time but that's it, I've got a lot of places to visit, I love Michigan but there hasn't been one in 36 years." I said, "you know Ronna if you don't mind, okay I'll do it one more time.
Now, John's treated us very fairly, not perfect. He's not perfect, I will say, but he's been over all pretty good. He's pretty good. So, CNN, Google, we got to do something about all of it. New York Times is fake, it's fake. They write so many fake stories. Thanks to our policies America is experiencing the fastest and biggest recovery.
That's the first time that's happened since Reconstruction." Uh, I said, "Define Reconstruction. Are you talking about the Civil War?" He said, "Yes. It was a little different. I've never -- " That's a term that's a little different. I wanted accuracy, so the Civil War first time, and we won, but it's 'cause of Bob and people like Bob, and we love you Bob and you were great, and thank you very much and Ben loves you too, I know that.
But we'll take that, too. We'll take anything when you look at what's happened to our country. With your vote, he will be judged and convicted by the American people of this atrocity that he's done. Nobody can believe what's happened. Under the Trump administration, we ended catch and release. Remember catch and release.
If you saw it today, it came out, they are close to 90 percent -- you know the right way, wrong way thing that they do, these crazy people do back there? How about they're close to 90 percent wrong way, and then she says, "No, I'll do the same thing as Joe Biden has been doing." And he's 90 percent off.
The government wasn't putting money in; nobody was. They were dying. And now tremendous -- they call it "neighborhood push." It's incredible what's happening. It's one of the -- it's not spoken of by the fake news media, but they should speak about it, because I will tell you, it's one of the great successes that we've all had.
That's OK, but you have people that worked on projects almost for their entire life and then they go to a vote and some council and they lose three to two. Now you may get rejected, but it's going to take a year, year and a half, but mostly you're not going to get rejected. It's going to be done in a really good way, so we're trying to get that permitting process down for roads, for highways, for bridges, for tunnels, for everything.
We got out of the wars. We won the wars. We defeated ISIS. We won all the wars and got out. We brought our great troops back home. I choked off the money to corrupt Palestinian organizations and stood with Israel like no president in history, recognizing the eternal capital, opening up the American embassy in Jerusalem, and recognizing Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights.
It's fact. Because we have to do some of best of, right? But they're going to come and say to me, "Sir, sir, we're winning too much, sir. We can't take it anymore. We have to stop winning, sir. We can't do it. We're not used to winning in our country." And each one of them is going to say, every single one, "Sir, please, please, you're destroying our country.
And you have a lot of them. Marco has one of them as his opponent, in my opinion. I don't want to hurt her feelings, but that's my opinion. Marco, is that your opinion, too? Is that your -- Marco doesn't want to be too controversial? Marco says yes. It's his opinion. You better believe it. This Tuesday you have to crush the communists at the ballot box.
Thank you, Mark. That's great. The shoulders on that man. See the shoulders. He's a great man. The primary is on May 17th, but early voting begins on April 28th. Get out there and make sure that vote counts, and we're going to make sure it counts from another standpoint, too. But we had no problem in North Carolina.
And by the way, the Border Patrol and ICE are some of the great heroes of our country. These are incredible people. I got to know them very well. Your family still cannot go out to eat at local restaurants, but Joe Biden is bringing in thousands upon thousands of refugees from all over the world. People that nobody knows anything about.
Also, with us tonight -- thank you. Kari, we love you. Special person, by the way. Get out, you got to vote these two. And now you're going to hear some other names that are incredible. But with us tonight is your next attorney general, Abe Hamadeh. And he's great. He's great. He knows what to do and he's going to get it all done.
I love that name, Unselect. They never -- they actually -- you know, they hate it, right? But they act like there's nothing wrong, because they just don't want it. They're very good at what they do. They're con people. They're con artists. I say the Unselected are supposed to be the Select Committee on January.
And I wonder what these leaders say as they're driving into Washington, DC. And there's paper all over the roads and beer cans and everything all over the roads strewn all over the place. And the medians are falling down, you know, that metal median that they use so much real garbage. I mean, you put it up and I think the sun makes it warp.
A Republican Senate, we have many senators here. And send me back to our beautiful White House just a few short months from now. We're talking about just months. It can't come fast enough. We have to get it done. First, we must get economic relief to our citizens. Starting on Day 1, we will drive down prices and make America affordable again.
I've watched as politicians cut taxes. This guy wants to raise your taxes by four times. And people say, "Oh, let's vote for him." I don't know. They don't use the term liberal anymore. They use the term progressive, you know, because it's a nice-sounding word, "I'm a progressive." But it's not a good word.
Please raise your hand if you have the courage. OK. And how many people own gun stores and sell guns? How many people in the room? OK, good. Good. That's all good. Good business. It's good. But let's be very clear, the issue is not too many guns. The issue is too many thugs, hoodlums, and savage criminals on our street.
Less than four years ago, we were a great nation and we will soon be a great nation again. With the right leadership, every disaster Joe Biden has created can be fixed and quickly. Every problem can be solved and every wrong can be rectified and it will be rectified very quickly. By this time next year, America's borders will be strong, sealed and secure.
I said there's no way I'm going to [Inaudible] I said, I said I don't care if I have to come through the Yukon, there's, there's no way. And I thought with that, I think what we'll do is we'll take a few questions. So, go ahead. Anybody have any questions? Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. Oh, you have a question?
Our allies aren't paying their fair share. Foreign countries like Russia and China do not respect us. Do you ever see Hillary Clinton when she wants to talk tough about Putin? They say, Donald Trump loves Putin. [Laughter]
So, so what happens, what happens is the poll comes out, right? And the press was so happy. Headline. Now just so you understand, if I were in first place, it wouldn't even be discussed. Nobody would mention it. But here it is all day long. Oh, my head. I turn on the television, headline, bigger than Hillary's talk yesterday on Benghazi.
What do they call that thing? They call it, never Trump. Oh you need Trump so badly though. I was saying, if they would work, if they would have worked so hard, so diligently against President Barack Hussein Obama, OK? They would have beaten him and they would have had great budgets. They would have had everything they wanted.
A lot of vets. And the vets are being, they're being humiliated by the way we take care of them. So that's going to end. And you've seen my plan, I assume? You've seen my plan in terms of health care and what's going to happen with the vets? And it's going to be something that's, it's not even a question of the money.
She wants to abolish the Second Amendment. She wants to take your guns away and you see things like we saw over the weekend. Remember this, if you had some of those incredible young people that were so brutally killed over the weekend or people in Paris where you have the toughest gun laws in the world, in Paris and France.
We won it last time by 11 points, we're going to win it big with ethanol, what I've done for them, with the $28 billion for the farmers, and that includes you. That includes tobacco, that includes a lot of things, but that includes your farmers. But you go back to their primaries, right? Go back to the primary, the Iowa, the first primary.
The government was after her for tax on tips. I said, "Oh, you have to pay tax on tips?" Who the hell knew that, right? But they do. And very nasty. The government was very nasty. And I said, "What do you recommend?" They said, "It's really unfair. We shouldn't have to pay tax on tips." You know what's going to happen.
Everything has to be perfect. I said, "You'll never be able to restart something like this." So I turned down the closing of that plant, just by instinct. And now we're making hundreds of tanks there a year. We were making none. We're making hundreds of tanks a year. And I don't think they ever could have started it up like here.
If you keep voting for the same people, you will keep getting the exact same results. Look at what the Democrats have done to Detroit. Half of Detroit residents are unable to work. Nearly 40 percent of the city lives in poverty. It's the second-most dangerous city in America according to the FBI. This is the legacy of the policies embraced by crooked Hillary Clinton. A Trump administration will bring prosperity to all of our people. My economic agenda can be summed up with three very beautiful words: Jobs, jobs, jobs. We're bringing our jobs back. [Applause]
I don't know about that James. This could be trouble, Jerry. Rutgers, Old Dominion, Brigham Young, Army  I might be at that game, who am I supposed to root for? Tell me. I don't know. That's a tough one, Jerry. I don't know, Jerry, I'm going to have to think about that one, Jerry. Buffalo, Troy, Virginia Tech, oh no, Jerry, Ole Miss and wake forest, those are really top schools. maybe in four or five years I'll come to a game, right, you'll build it up. Well good luck.
And that's I think during the debates it was very interesting and I did win the debates, in all fairness. Did you see where she said, all the time, I'm in debate prep. Hillary Clinton is debating, I mean, she's in debate prep. She is in debate prep. She was in there for weeks. You know what is was, it was really an excuse for her to go sleep and rest.
Don't do it." And he said, "May I ask you a question, your excellency." He called me your excellency. I wonder if he calls Biden your excellency. I don't think so. He said, "But why, but why do you send me a picture of my house?" I said, "You'll have to think about that Abdullah. You have to think about it." And we didn't have one soldier even shot at for 18 months after that.
It's so unfair. But they destroyed his life. So, many other things. You look at -- Southern District didn't want to bring the case. Nobody wanted to bring the case. And then, you know, who didn't want to bring the case most of all is Bragg. Bragg didn't want to bring it. But then he brought it. And they tried to make it a different case.
Go ahead, build all the rockets you want. That's good for us. Just make sure you have an American flag on the rocket. So I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran Nuclear catastrophe deal. And we have just recently recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem.
In other words, she was willing to risk our foreign enemies reading her emails as long as the voting American public could not.
So many stupid things you see here. But hello, ho -- I'll tell you what, Ohio, how -- how good have you been? out there? What did we win by? A lot. And your governor's here and he just said you're winning by a lot more this time than last time so, that's good. Thank you. Mike, thank you very much. But hello, Ohio.
One hundred and three thousand ballots in the county were sent for electronic adjudication with no Republican observers. In Clark County, Nevada, the accuracy settings on signature verification machines were purposely lowered before they were used to count over 130,000 ballots. If you signed your name as Santa Claus, it would go through.
It doesn't cost our country anything. They want to turn it off. This is what people -- they work hard, they make enough money, they want to have a private plan. It's a more luxurious plan. That's OK. But they want to give free taxpayer-funded health care to every single illegal alien in this country. Kamala wants to do that.
But they said that. This is what the trial -- it's so, so sad. But the gloves were taken off. And now, I tell the fact, he's a corrupt politician, he's grossly incompetent, and he's the worst president in the history of our country, and he's destroying our country. I wouldn't have spoken like that out of respect for the office.
He was a brilliant president. There's never been a president like this. This guy's the worst. Every voter needs to ask themselves, who do you want to have sitting across the table from President Xi or President Putin? Which by the way, I stopped his pipeline in Europe. You know that, right? They said, "Oh, Trump was weak on Russia." Putin said to me, "If you're weak on Russia, I'd hate like hell to see a strong guy." I stopped his pipeline and Biden then approved it when Putin said, "You got to approve it." And Biden approved it, but I don't know how many people know.
One of the most important responsibilities for the federal government is the budget of the United States. My first budget will be submitted to the Congress next month. This budget will be a public safety and national security budget, very much based on those two with plenty of other things, but very strong. And it will include a historic increase in defense spending to rebuild the depleted military of the United States of America at a time we most need it. [Applause]
We want to have him. Let him, let him double up his record, but it's an amazing record. Think of it, in the history of the United States, he's the longest serving governor in the history of the United States. That's a lot. So we are going to do tremendous things. We're going to work hard on trade. I'm going to get the smartest, the best, the greatest people in the world.
Because in the end, they're not after me, they're after you. And I just happened to be standing in the way. That's true. [Audience responses "Yes"]
We brought back 700,000 when they said -- Right,? They said the magic wand, you can't do it. Manufacturing jobs are gone. I said, really? I don't think so. Biden champion the NAFTA disaster and China's entry into the World Trade Organization, which was a total catastrophe. That's when China started going up like a rocket.
Anybody -- does anybody here from that club? It was very nice. Anybody here? Because I took so many pictures of that. So I did that and I did it as a favor and other things. He asked me if I would come up and make a speech on behalf of James Foley, I'd do that anytime. I think that was good. And then I made a contribution, a very big contribution to James Foley.
She took things. Now, she thinks fracking is wonderful. Now, she thinks the ownership of a gun is a wonderful thing. She said, "Oh, I have one." "What kind is it?" "Oh, let me think about that." She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention, all at taxpayer expense. [Audience boos] And she wanted to turn -- but we're not going to let her.
They have zero heart. And people that are incompetent. Wait til you see what we're able to do in a fairly quick period of time. So I went out -- as you know, we won New York big. We won everything. But we won New York big. Originally and I owe it to them because drugs are pouring across the border and New Hampshire was my first victory.
We're going to have safety and security. It means everything. It means we're going to have a country because you're not going to have a country left. If we don't win this election, you're not going to have a country left. I'm telling you. This country is going to hell. It's going to hell, and you know it, and we know it. And I hate to say it because it's a very negative thought, I would say.
Just look at what is now being exposed in our Department of Justice and the FBI. Look at what's going on. Look at what's going on. And I want to tell you, we have great people in the Department of Justice. We have great people. These are people, I really believe -- you take a poll, I've got to be at 95 percent -- but you've had some real bad ones.
He's a fantastic man and he's done an incredible job, and he's got a lot of courage too. And, uh, in Washington he's respected by everybody. Also, Congressman Glenn Grothman. Glenn? Good, Glenn. Thank you, Glenn. And Mike Gallagher. Mike? Thanks, Mike. Great job. Great guys. And somebody that's done a really good job for us, GOP Chairman Andrew Hitt.
I'm not in any way, shape or form an isolationist. I don't believe in it, but we have to make great deals for our country. We're losing in our whole trade negotiation with oil countries over $800 billion a year. That's our trade deficit. Who negotiates these deals? We want great trade deals and we will have them. [Applause]
So now you have -- accountability is done. And I think even more important -- I'm not sure. But even more important, V.A. choice. So now you go see a doctor when you have to wait on line. OK?
And you know, we're involved very much in Harvard. That's one that people seem to be reading about more than others. We have many going. And uh, other than having a radical left judge, you have a very radical left judge. But you know, the appellate courts have been really good to us. So you go before some of these judges.
[Applause] So during the previous debate -- [Audience member calls out, apparently in protest] Oh, you have one of these other people. Get him out of here. Go on, get out. Get out. Bing, bing. Get him out. You can see they're dying off folks. You can see. They're losing their steam. We never give up do we? We never, ever give up. We never give up. So one of the moderators asked a question to lying Ted and they said -- they said, Senator -- Senator Cruz, born in Canada, raised for four years in Canada -- a real question.
When I graduated from the Wharton School of Finance, we didn't study being indicted, getting arrested, going to jail. We didn't know about that. They never taught us that. Under the Presidential Records Act, which is civil, not criminal, done in 1977, civil, I had every right to have these documents, personal belongings and boxes.
Everyone in your area, press. We need the help of the Democrats. Press Nancy Pelosi. Press them all. Because if they don't put it up, it's a tremendous opportunity -- probably something like you won't see again. Got to get it done. It's incredible for the farmer, for the manufacturer, for virtually everybody.
Kathryn, are you there? Yes. Look at them. And you're not dressed very warmly. Well, you're used to it in North Dakota. These are unbelievable people, tremendously successful people, the kind of people we want in the administration. And I hope we're going to be lucky enough. Thank you very much. Will you go home immediately, please? Just go.
I don't think so. Never in history has a major party presidential candidate so viciously demonized the American voter. She was attacking millions of moms and dads who love their children and want a better future for all Americans. That's what they want.
That's what you call a really dishonest dumb politician. A dumb guy who's Always known as a dumb guy. But we look forward to seeing him in the debate. He's got a lot more experience. He's got 47 years, I've got three and a half years, so we'll see. So He's got 47 years of experience. You know, I always sort of smile when he's like critical.
I hope so. Second of all, and very importantly, you have to love what you do. Okay? You have to. I rarely see somebody that's successful that doesn't love what he or she does. That's why really work isn't work; it's fun. I find it fun. I work all the time and I find it fun. If I didn't find it fun, I wouldn't be successful.
Resist. We don't want to resist. We want to get things done. We want the opposite. So a vote for Joe is a vote to put Schumer in charge of the Senate and to put Dianne Feinstein in charge of Senate Judiciary Committee. Remember, Joe Donnelly voted against your tax cuts. And he joined the Democrat mob in voting against Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
Wages will rise, jobs will return, and factories will come rushing, rushing back in to our country.
Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, one of the most vicious battles in history and one of the most beautiful places on earth. Isn't that interesting? And this is the state where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania miners, factory workers, and steel workers forged the greatest nation in the history of the world.
I was mandated, wait for the governors. But sometimes, I couldn't do that. I was watching too many things happen in Minnesota. Minneapolis, what happened if we didn't send in the National Guard? They wouldn't have a city left, but you have to wait for the governors in theory. We shouldn't be doing that anymore.
You couldn't get them back. So I said, here's what you do. You're not getting any money until you open up your land, and you're taking these criminals back into your country. Because most of them, many of them were criminals. And they said, "Sir, we would be honored to do so. Why didn't you ask?" Well, they've been asking for about 15 years, but we asked a little bit differently.
I will settle the war in Ukraine. I will end the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent, I promise you, World War III. We're not going to have World War III. And right now, we're very close to having it. We will lead the world in space exploration. Thank you, Elon. We will lead the world in military, and we will reach Mars before the end of my term.
I've been hearing it for months. There is no path. And I kept going -- I love this state -- I kept going to Maine, for one, because they had -- maybe, if I have a great night, 269. Of course they could never say I could get to -- so I kept going to Maine five times, because I wanted to get one, and I ended up getting the one in Maine, but I also got Michigan, and Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania.
You spend a lot of money, a lot of time, a lot of effort. And he's losing. And then they say, "Let's take him out of the fight. We'll put a new fighter in there." The new fighter is her, probably my second choice. He will always be my first choice, but she'd be my second choice. And, again, if we don't win this race, and I know you're not that political but you have to be political because your whole thing, I mean, you have a lot of politics involved in what you do. If we don't win this race, this country could be finished as we know it. This country's going to be in bad shape, and we have to be in there.
Come on, North Carolina, you're going to be so happy. You're going to be cheering like crazy because I think you'll like this, but about a month ago, I signed an order prohibiting offshore drilling on the Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina coast, right, right? And because I happen to like this state a lot, I said what about Virginia?
You know the movie I'm talking about, right? What was that movie? You know the movie. But while we're making great strides, and our country is doing as well -- and maybe, in many ways, better than it's ever done before -- Democrat lawmakers are now embracing socialism. They want to replace individual rights with total government domination. [Audience Boos]
We want to have great health care. We want to have great education. You know, what the hell are they doing? Every time you go out and somebody blows a whistle, somebody does something. It's sort of crazy, isn't it? I always say, I could take a person like that unless there's a substance abuse problem which it could very well be. I could take a person like that, honestly.
He put out now. I know you don't like him. I know who do who likes him? Who the hell can like? I think his wife likes him. Actually, I really believe she does. But let me just tell you he put out a couple of social media posts today, because I never call it tweet. I call it social media because it's much bigger than tweet.
And here he is, and he's great. We love you, Ronny. Great job. Thank you. Another one who's a warrior, and he's a friend of mine, an incredible man, Ralph Norman. Ralph, Congressman. Thank you, Ralph. Thank you. Ralph taught me a lesson. He was in a race, and it was so one-sided that everybody said, "We don't have to vote for Ralph.
They've been destroyed. These nations have been destroyed. Sadly, the current administration is very timid and frankly corrupt. When you look at all of the money that they've been given as a family by China, that instead of holding China accountable, the Biden administration shut down the US government's investigation into the origins of the virus shortly after taking office.
They didn't respect our country just a few years ago. From Boston Harbor to Hampton Roads and from Caribbean Sea to the Red Sea, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the Persian Gulf to what is now known as the Gulf of America. Isn't it nice? They say it now routinely. I heard the news today, "The Gulf of America weather is wonderful." They don't say it with a smile.
And that was great. But the press hasn't picked it up too much. I'll have to give it to Matt Gaetz. Robert, give him the list. You know, if that was -- if that were Kamala, they'd make it headlines with Trump 300, much more than they had. And these are much better people than they had too, that I can tell you.
These are young guys, but they have plenty of cash. I can tell you that. And they're great people. So, Comrade Kamala Harris is the most radical liberal nominee ever to seek the Oval Office. And, you know, it was just pointed out, and the real number is 325,000 migrant children are lost. They're being raped or they're being killed.
When I left office, we had not lost a single servicemember in the combat in Afghanistan in more than 18 months. And then we had that horrible day where we lost so many. And so many were so badly hurt, arms, legs gone, face, just obliterated. We lost so many great people that day. Nobody talks about the people that were so badly injured.
You know, she was a very good candidate. Every time she ran, she was good. She did well. She decided to leave. She couldn't take it anymore. But she is very special, and I didn't know this, but she was a lieutenant colonel. That's not bad. Lieutenant colonel, not bad. I didn't know that. You know, I just found out.
And Social Security, he wanted to bring the minimum age up to 70. So, I don't know if you know that but -- and remember one thing about a politician. When that's his original thought, that's where they go back to. They may come up here and talk to you. "Oh, I love Social Security." No, he voted three times to terminate and decimate it. We appointed over 300 federal judges and three great Supreme Court justices.
You won't have roads, you won't have sewage systems, you won't have anything. You won't have towns because there'll be no way -- you know I heard somebody criticize this group, this club for growth. A bunch of real losers. They come up to my office. I got to tell you because you mentioned it's a pipeline.
Thank you very much to Robstown, Robstown. And hello to beautiful Corpus Christi. Thank you very much. What a nice crowd. What a lot of wind. What a lot of wind. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]
This will instantly save another 2 million jobs at least, probably more than that.
She had a very easy life, but she loves doing it. She's got over, I think now, 12 million people. They're teaching them, the great companies of our country, they're teaching people how to do it, and it's an incredible thing to watch, to give former prisoners a second chance at life. We passed groundbreaking criminal justice reform that nobody could have passed, except us. President Obama tried, a lot of them tried, they couldn't get it passed.
But people that have done 5% of what she's done, whether it's General Petraeus or many others, they've done nothing compared to what she's done. They have been forced to pay a price that you wouldn't believe. It's destroyed their lives. And Hillary is out there campaigning and saying 100% certain that nothing happens.
All the people advising Hillary Clinton are the people responsible for the endless wars and conflicts, and the tragedies in the Middle East.
Say, "Thank you very much for this wonderful journey, President." No, you have to see. You have to see. There are tens of thousands of people in the streets out here, trying to get in. I think the next time, the next time we'll get a larger field. [Audience chants "We love you"] Thank you, very much. Thank you, very much.
First of all, I have to say this. Wouldn't it be great if we actually got along with Russia? Am I wrong in saying that? Wouldn't it be great? [Applause]
Because the radical left socialists, or in many cases -- I hate to say this -- beyond socialists. You know what the next word is, right? Beyond -- [Audience members yell "Communists"]
Rich, good-looking farmer. And he was going to win. And I came and I saved her. But then I gave her first in nation, gave her everything really good and I figured, you know? Again, I don't do quid pro quo. But when I came in and I announced I said, "By the way, are you going to be endorsing me?" "Sure. I'd rather remain neutral." I said, "Wow.
Can you believe that? That's pretty good. I heard that the other day. I said I like that. But I want to thank you, Dan. You've done a great job, and very instrumental in the creation of what we're doing today. As well as a very special friend of mine, Dr. Ben Carson, so special that he's being honored. He's being honored in a couple of weeks.
But if we can come out of Iowa with a nice victory -- it's so important. It's so important. And it's going to be so important for Iowa because you're going to have a great victory and we're going to go all the way. You know, recent polls are showing I beat Hillary Clinton. And if she runs -- I mean, is she going to be able to run?
Thank you. Thank you darling. Thank you very much, I appreciate it.
In fact, I wanted his name in case I wanted to do something. It's a very good painter. But he had eight circles, he couldn't fill them. He had to use fake news to fill them. They were sitting there. He would have a rally and nobody would show up. And I'd have a rally like in Arizona and 48,000 people showed up.
Could you look at this? Could you look at that election integrity? Yes, sir, I'm going to look at it. Nothing ever happens. Raffensperger, something really strange with him. Your terrible lieutenant governor, who's no longer running because he knew that he wasn't doing a job he was going to lose. Your rhino, Governor Brian Kemp, who's been a complete disaster on election integrity, a complete and total.
When I have to do that, you know, John Deere, I've paid them tens of millions of dollars. You can even check. I said to John Deere, I wanted an endorsement. I don't know if they're giving me endorsement. I'll tell you if they don't, they're not so smart. You know, I guarantee no other -- no other person gave John Deere, I mean, I bought probably more than $10 million worth of John Deere.
They want to do their job. One of the things I said to him -- I said, "Tell me about the wall." Really important. They said, "Mr. Trump, you have no idea how important." They want drugs to stop coming into our country. But you look at New Hampshire, you look at yourselves, you look at so many. I mean, almost -- almost every state.
Let them get whatever the hell they want. But to force them when we don't have enough electricity for ourselves -- you go out to California, they want all-electric cars, and yet they have brownouts during the summer and blackouts -- the whole state goes out, and then they say, "Oh, let's hook up another couple of million cars." The whole thing is crazy.
Let's talk about what this means for the inner cities of America, a big, big problem unsolved forever. It's time to break through the television noise, the entrenched interests which are just decimating our country and our inner cities.
Where's Angelina? Where's Angelina? Oh, oh, oh, oh, you are very pretty. [Laughter] She went out for a second and she's coming back. OK. Where's Ange? Come on over here, Angelina? Oh, That's terrible. Oh, wow! How are you? I won't ask you where you've been, OK? I promise. But it's great to have you. It's great to have.
Well, it's an interesting question. I've had many, many people writing, tweeting, modern way of writing. But writing, tweeting, calling, please don't change, please don't change. Just stay the way you are. So look, I'm not changing. You know, I went to the best schools. I -- I'm like a very smart person.
And she'll make a speech today and she'll be talking about what she's going to do for the country, she don't -- she doesn't have the talent to do it. And if she wanted to do it, just remember this -- and I think very importantly -- if she wanted to do it she couldn't because her donors wouldn't let her.
She refused to own up to the fact that open borders -- open borders -- and totally unchecked. It's not even open borders. Open borders are horrible. And how stupid are they? How stupid? We're the only country in the world that has this. But they don't even check them. They don't vet them. They don't know who they are.
She was an original creator of defund the police, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even a brief moment is not worthy of being president of the United States. We have to protect our police. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She wants to ban fracking in Pennsylvania. She wants to ban it. She's going to ban it.
In the first quarter of this year, American companies repatriated a record $300 billion that would have never come back to this country. It's overseas profits, bringing the money back home to our country where it belongs. I think we're going to have three, maybe four trillion dollars before that's all over. It was impossible to bring that money back, virtually, for a lot of reasons. Now they're coming back.
And beyond RNC, I mean, I wasn't very thrilled with them, obviously. You know, I was always told you go out your campaign. I left here early in the morning and you go home and, you know, you think you've done great. I actually made seven rallies on the last day or two. Seven. I don't know anybody's going to do seven rallies.
We're having a good, good time. And I talk -- Thank you. I love you too. Love this guy. Love this guy. I love this guy whoever he is. So I talked about trade. I talked about immigration. I talked about a lot of things but my focus was trade and illegal immigration and what's happened is it took off. And who would have thought this is happening now.
I'll do a couple of you, but thanks as well to Markwayne Mullin. Senator Markwayne, thank you. Stand up, Markwayne. Don't fight him. He's a serious fighter in a lot of ways and he's a great guy too. Thank you. Markwayne. Deb Fischer. Deb. Thank you, Deb. Good. Pete Ricketts, who's going to do very well in the upcoming election.
We spend the least and we have the best. We spend the least and we have the best. And one of these -- you know, I think, it's Norway, Sweden, China. You know some of these places have phenomenal educational systems. And one of the folks who tell me actually in Iowa they said, Mr. Trump, they're trying to get us to go Norway.
Foxconn in Wisconsin, incredible company, it makes a lot of the Apple equipment stuff, right, the phones, the iPhones, the iPads. Incredible company. They don't like the Democrat governor. They don't want to spend the money. They would have come and spent a lot of money. They don't like the possibility that a sleepy Joe could get in. They don't want to invest billions of dollars and having those policies.
I say, "That's the way you got to look when you're going to win." But he knew what he did. I mean, he just knew beyond the look, the look, the hell with the look. He had this right up here, and he knew what he was doing. And we set numbers that nobody thought possible, but those numbers were obliterated almost immediately. "Come on up and come into our country." Everybody just said, "Let's go." Last month, Tom, we had 141 different countries represented.
Law and justice will reign all throughout our land. Freedom will be restored. The flame of liberty will be burning bright. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, the worst administration in the history of our country, will be a fading memory of the past. And our great silent majority, including the once-forgotten men and women of our country, will be the ones shaping America's magnificent future when I am the 47th president of the United States because we are all Americans; and together, we will show November 5th to be the most important day in the history of our country.
I don't know about you, but up here, it's about 110 degrees right now. I didn't want to do this. I would have been very happy had Obama been a great president. I would have been very happy.
Think of that. 68 percent, which would be the largest in history by about 40 points. And we'll make the Trump tax cuts permanent, expand the Child Tax Credit. And we will deliver no tax on tips, no tax on overtime and no tax on Social Security for our great seniors. Among the countless citizens who will benefit from these tax cuts is Malachi Kraszewski, a devoted mom and DoorDash driver from Ripon, Wisconsin, who uses her tip income to support her son to -- think of that no tax on tips.
I love talking about this. The media. Do we all love the media? Do we love the media? Oh. No, the level of dishonesty is incredible. It's incredible. And you know, I always have to preface. I'll give a quickie, not all of them because some are fine. But let's end it with that, OK? Some are fine. But the level of honesty in the media -- they're so dishonest.
I will tell you nobody. When the violent mob came to Kenosha, Biden opposed sending in the National Guard. Of course, you remember this, right? He did. He didn't want to send in the guard. He thought it was terrible to send in the guy. And we sent in the guard and we saved Kenosha.  We saved you know, they said, you know, I think Kenosha is going to like me.
These wealthy liberal hypocrites want to defund the police and take your guns while they are protected by armed guards. There's only one way to defend your dignity. There's only one way to defend your family and your country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American way of life.
Just came out against Ron DeSantis. In the new Tennessee poll -- I love Tennessee. You know, we have -- we have every congressman and woman. We have the two senators, everybody in Tennessee, with the endorsements. In the Tennessee poll, we're up by 49 points. When asked who's the best to improve the economy, they go Trump, almost 60%; DeSantis, 18%. And in New Hampshire poll just came out, Trump, 55%; DeSantis, 11%. In South Carolina, you saw what we had almost 80,000 people last weekend, and it was 102 degrees, and it was hot.
Thank you, Herschel. You look good, Herschel. I also want to send our prayers to everyone here in Georgia who is still recovering from Hurricane Helene. And I want to also thank you, Governor. He's been very gracious. He's working very hard on making sure that we win this vote on Tuesday. So, I want to thank very much, Brian.
When a company wants to move, I'm going to have the top people talk to them. And I will -- I know they're going to say, "It's not presidential." You know, they're always saying, they said the other night, when I wanted and when I had the big victory in the Super -- you saw that. The SEC. the big big night.
And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working -- I'm so excited about this -- to create the sixth branch, number six, of the American armed forces, called the Space Force. We have the Air Force. Now we have the Space Force. I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear disaster deal.
It comes through Mexico, but it's made in China. I said to President Xi. If you keep doing this, we're going to stop doing business with China. You're not going to make your $500 billion a year, and we had it down, way down. Nobody has ever talked to China the way I did. We never took in $0.10. I took in $440 billion from China.
He was losing by a lot. But they went up to him, they said, "Get out." That's like you're in a fight, and you have a fighter and he's doing great. And they say, "Listen, we're going to take the opponent out. We're going to throw another guy in to finish it off." It's -- that's what they did really. It's never been done before.
We're going to get to the bottom of it. We're going to find out. Something's happening out there and it's not good. Just as I did for four years, I will fully uphold the Second Amendment, the Second Amendment. I fought for it so hard and kept it very strong. I will defend innocent life. I will protect our Constitution, and I will once again appoint rock-solid conservative judges in the mold of Justices, Antonin Scalia and the very great Clarence Thomas, who they're after.
Donald, you cannot do that. That is not fair." No, no, it's not fair that you're putting this massive tax on American companies, but not others. And that's only because you think we're a stupid country." I said, "You're not going to do that, Emmanuel. Tomorrow morning at 7:00, 100% on every fucking bottle of your wine and champagne." I don't even like it. I like the stuff made in our country better, even though I don't drink too much wine.
Stone. Stone is not going to burn." And I approved it three years ago. They had some of the most beautiful -- there's almost nothing we can do in Sarasota to top it. If this fireworks company does anything close, I'll be very impressed, OK? But we had fireworks at Mount Rushmore. That was so incredible.
Along with Crooked Joe Biden, Newsom is also killing our car industry. Your cars are ridiculous, what's happening, and crushing our great automakers in Michigan, Wisconsin, Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, crushing them. Under his leadership, this is Newsom, California has imposed the most ridiculous car regulations anywhere in the world with mandates to move to all-electric cars.
Well, that's a plateau. In other words, you won't get any more than six. But then you go to 12, then you go to 14. Then we went to 18 to 22 to 24. Now we went to 28 about two months ago, and they started saying -- they started saying, "Holy, this is really just -- ", I'm starting to say I like the plateau.
And many others. We're going to introduce you in a little while. I just want to say to so many patriots with us this afternoon, including South Carolina First Lady Peggy McMaster. Thank you, Peggy. What you had to put up with during these campaigns. What you had to put up with and you did your professional and a great, great person.
He didn't like that idea too much, but actually, it's not the worst idea I've ever had. No, it's -- these are tough people. These people are tough, and they're nasty, mean. It's a -- it's incredible that they come totally unchecked. But we all know the names of too many innocent victims of the Biden migrant crime.
But I got along great with Putin. And everybody said, "Wow, that was great. That was great." A couple of hours later I started hearing these reports that, you know, they wanted me to walk up -- here's a podium, they wanted me to walk up and go like this. [Laughter]
I recommend it to her. She turns it down. And then, they say, "We wanted to have it." Well, if I wanted to have it, what the hell am I saying? "We will give you 10,000-plus soldiers to encircle the Capitol for before the event." These are crooked people. It's a hoax. The whole thing is a hoax. And they play it well, and then, they go on to the next -- how about Adam Schiff?
In my first four years, we will totally transform the federal bench appointing nearly -- remember this, I appointed nearly 300 judges to defend the law and the constitution as written. I defended -- I defended this law, this constitution. Then they say, "Oh, he is not for democracy." I took a bullet for democracy.
And we're going to protect corn-based ethanol. Hillary Clinton's plan will shut down family farms all over the nation just like closed up the mines well let me tell you, the miners are going back to work and the steel workers are going back to work. We're going to have clean coal but miners are going back to work.
That's the least expensive thing we can do, where you scare them from ending up like the people in the commercials. And we'll make them very, very bad commercials. We'll make them pretty unsavory situations. And you've seen it before, and it's had an impact on smoking and cigarettes. You see what happens to the body; you see what happens to the mind.
Many, many presidents talked about they were going to do it, and they never had whatever it takes to do it. [Laughter] And I understand why, because there was a lot of pressure on that one. There were a lot of forces saying don't do it. I say, excuse me, get lost. But we did it. For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America.
All Obama does now is sign executive orders. We want this, he can't get it. Boom, executive order. And he'll be out on a golf course in two, three, four or five years, and the courts will start getting these executive orders. And they'll say, what he's saying is look, I don't know if it works or not, here's an executive order, in five years don't worry, I'll be playing golf.
We spend billions of dollars in other countries, maintaining their borders, and we can't maintain our borders in our own country. Is there something a little bit wrong with that? Think of it. We spend billions and billions of dollars. Look, North and South Korea, 32,000 soldiers, the finest equipment, barbed wire all over the place. We protect that whole thing.
What are they doing?
It's great to be here today in Larimer County and in the beautiful state, which we're going to win, of Colorado. Beautiful. On November 8th, we are going to win this state and we're going to win back the White House.
And together, we are building a safe, strong, and proud America. Since the election, we have created 2.4 million new jobs, including... [Applause] including 200,000 new jobs in manufacturing alone. Tremendous. [Applause] After years of wage stagnation, we are finally seeing rising wages. [Applause] Unemployment claims have hit a 45-year low. [Applause] And something I'm very proud of: African-American unemployment stands at the lowest rate ever recorded [Applause], and Hispanic-American unemployment has also reached the lowest levels in history. [Applause]
And I am very close to China. I have done great deals with China, their tenants in buildings of mine in New York. China is wonderful. I'm not angry at China, I'm angry at our people for allowing them to get away with this. [Applause]
Two others, very fine people, were also seriously hit. But thankfully, with the help of two great country doctors, we thought they were gone, and they were saved. So those doctors had great talent. We're joined by Corey's wife Helen, who was his high school sweetheart and their two beloved daughters, Allison, and Kaylee. [Applause] Thank you to Helen, Allison and Kaylee.
My plan to lift restrictions on the production of American energy will not only make home energy bills a lot cheaper -- your electric bills will be a lot less -- but it will add an estimated half a million jobs per year. By reducing radical regulations and over taxation -- we're bringing your taxes way down -- we can bring thousands of new companies into our poorest communities.
We saw him and I saw him. He saw me, and we embraced. And then I'm saying can you believe I'm going to be saying this in just two minutes? [Laughter] But we actually agreed that we would meet next week. We didn't have much time to talk, like about 20 seconds. They were -- in -- they were -- in retrospect, I'm glad I waited because this thing didn't work out too well, but we did talk.
But it's a shame, it's a shame. When I see what's going on, it's a shame. Our country is really going to hell. We have a weaponized Department of Justice and a weaponized FBI, including of course the raid of Mar-a-Lago in the document hoax case, totally violating my Fourth Amendment rights. And no president has ever been treated this way.
about what
They'll impose socialism on the state of Florida. Welcome to Venezuela. And they'll erase America's borders. We have to have a border. If we're going to have a great country, we have to have a great, strong, powerful border. So we're building the wall, as you know, it started. We did $1.6 billion. We've got another $1.6 billion.
I mean, I learned quickly. I've been a very good spokesman. Have I done well as a spokesman? But -- but, we went through eight years of Clinton, eight years of Bush, eight years of Obama. [Audience boos]
They're taking everybody that's a problem, and they're dumping them into the United States of America, we're like a dumping ground. But many countries are doing that. I would say eventually all countries would be doing that. If I headed up Honduras, if I headed up any one of the countries that are neighboring, or not neighboring, and we're not talking about just South America countries.
We all remember the images of another. We all remember the images of another. We all remember the images of our sailors being forced to their knees, our sailors being forced to their knees, our sailors being forced to their knees by their Iranian captors at gunpoint by their Iranian captors at gunpoint by their Iranian captors at gunpoint.
So wait, just a quick one, OK. I'm proud of this. So, they have this Army tank plant right, in Lima, and I said, what's going on? They're closing it. I said oh, they are? Well, you know, -- they're closing everything. When I came in they want to close everything. So, I was President-elect. I think, right around that time and I went to Lima.
He won. He won big. Richard Hudson. Richard? Thank you. Great job, Richard. Great job. Somebody I've gotten to know very well, and he is a handsome sucker. Where's Madison? Madison Cawthorn. Where is Madison? Where's our Madison? Thank you, Madison. Thank you. What a great guy. What a good future you've got.
Patriots, I would call them, Georgia patriots, including Representatives Mike Collins. Where's Mike? Where is Mike? Thank you, Mike. Great person. Thank you very much. And also Andrew Clyde and Marjorie Taylor Greene, thank you for those endorsements. Thank you very much for those endorsements, and we love you, people.
We're delighted to be joined today by some really fantastic people right from the beginning. State Senators Charlie McClintock. Where's Charlie? Charlie, thank you very much. And you know the story with Brad. I've told it so many times, but I say it again. He was the first one in the nation to endorse me. He endorsed me before I knew I was running.
He said, President. He never calls me -- you know, I lost all my friends because -- I lost all my friends. I have no more friends. They used to call me. Hey, Don. Do you want to go out? Come on, let's go to dinner. Let's have fun and I'd say -- I have friends. He said I have friends. No, but I lost all my friends because they used to be loose, right, friendship.
It looks like an army is marching and this could be the all-time great Trojan Horse. It's probably not but we can't take a chance. The people are totally undocumented. We have no idea. They say we're from Syria they could be from any place and there's no way of telling. They have no documents whatsoever.
Now there's various ways they can do it and I'm not pushy. I'm a very, very un-pushy person. They're going to pay for the wall so easy. OK? So easy. You probably saw the other day, Vicente Fox. Vicente Fox, the ex-president. [Audience Boos] And what did he do? He threw out the F bomb. If I threw out the F bomb, I would get these people.
Everybody needs to get out and vote for the two guys, and we're honored to be joined tonight by another very special guest, the next U.S. senator from Ohio, Jim Renacci. Jim is running to replace a very liberal Democrat. You know, I don't see -- I mean, maybe I'm wrong. I don't see Ohio is liberal.
But what a bunch of -- what a loser he is, by the way. He suffers from Trump derangement syndrome worse -- I think, maybe worse than any Democrat. "What do you think of the economy?" "I don't like Donald Trump." It's Trump derangement syndrome, Ashley. We completely finished our original plan and then added even more wall.
We know that that's for sure. One thing you got to say, he doesn't give up. She's going -- is he still here? Is he still here? Who would have thought that I was going to win, what, eight weeks ago? It was supposed to be the opposite way, and here we have it from eight weeks ago, and she's still out there trying to say, can we get rid of Bernie?
He was the one we earmarked, right, Mike? We wanted Pete. And I hear you're doing a fantastic job. We appreciate it very much. On November 5th, we will save our economy, we'll rescue our middle class will put America first and we will make America great again. We're going to make America greater than ever before.
Not even a contest, up by 70%. Some states up by a 102%. And I love that sign. It says, Hispanics for Trump. I love that sign. Thank you. I love you. You know, they do the polls, the exit polls and I always win with Hispanics, which nobody understand. But you understand it because we're gonna bring jobs to the United States.
If we -- if we don't win, it's all gone. Okay? It's all gone. And we mentioned -- I have to mention life. All gone. Second Amendment, gone. It's all gone. And many other things. It will be a totally different country. It will be a totally different country, and ultimately, it will fail. It will fail. It can't work. Economically, it can't work. We'll go into a depression -- and I'm very good at predicting these things. We will go into pre- -- a depression, no different than -- maybe worse -- no different than what happened in 1929. Your stocks will crash, your 401(k)s will be worthless. This is going to happen.
Nobody has seen numbers like what we've done. We've lifted 1.3 American children out of poverty. Our agenda is lifting up Americans of every background, race, religion, color, and creed. Last year, with the help of many faith leaders -- many of you are in the room right now -- I signed groundbreaking criminal justice reform into law.
Now we have it going you watch we have some very good things happening with respect to healthcare. And the taxes are a part of it. And you will see what happens right after taxes, you will going to see what happens. Because with taxes something great is going to get announced. We're getting rid of the individual mandate. That individual mandate. [Applause]
About a month later I say, "Hey," the election hadn't take place -- taken place, I said, "How is it going out there? How's he doing?" "Sir, he's 20 points down." "Wait a minute. He was 20 points up. What are you talking about?" "No, sir, right now he's 20 points down. He's getting killed." I said, "Why?" "Because he wanted to terminate preexisting conditions." Well, that was a poll.
They've turned down the Fox. You know, I've approved three debates. They've approved one. The only one they've approved is with their network, and now it came out in the New York Times, of all places, that the head of the news and the head of the whole thing practically is Kamala and her husband, lovely husband, best friend.
If you mention names, they get visited by the FBI. If somebody's doing a good job in the border, they get visited by the FBI. If somebody's looking at voter integrity because they want honest elections, they get visited by the FBI with all sorts of subpoenas. By the way, a woman who's incredible, Engelbrecht.
I said, they'll sign a waiver and they send -- everybody signs a waiver now, but a lot of people are using it. Right-to-try, it's such a great thing. Just one of the many things we've done, but it's so important.
Now he wants $10 million from China to make an introduction. Would anybody here take $10 million to introduce somebody to your father? I'd do it. Dad, I'd do it for 10 million bucks, I'd love to introduce. I would do it, pop. And he'd want me to do a 10 million, Dad, please. I had a great father. I'm not just running against Biden in that corrupt family, I'm running against the left-wing corrupt media and we're running against big tech. [Audience Boos] [Audience chants "We Love Trump"] Here's a hell of a big crowd, by the -- Look at that, it goes all the way, but you know the media, they never show it.
We did the biggest tax cuts by far in history, and they're coming due fairly soon, and the Democrats don't want to do it. That would give you the largest tax hike in the history of our country. Congratulations. Nobody cares about that, do you? Do you mind paying 50% more tax? Because, get used to it. If they win, and I don't think they will, I don't see how they can.
There were more absentee ballots in 2020 than ever before by far, but magically, far fewer ballots were rejected. This alone is more than enough to swing the election to us. This one thing. I'm going over individual, in all of the swing states. Now, they'll check this out, and that's fine, and, but you take a look at it.
I'd like to invite some of the incredible workers here are granted city up on stage to personally share their stories really fast. Patricia Bertrand has worked here for 18 years. When Furness B restarted last month, Patricia christened it with a bottle of champagne. In other words, she loves this place, I think, is that right?
Remember when Biden came here and he said, "It's great to be with the people of Michigan." That did not play well, remember? And when he went to Iowa and he said that he's in Idaho, right? He said, "I love the potatoes." And they're saying, "We don't do the potato thing here." Oh, what we go through. No, go back to that one, because I love it because it's Ohio.
Special. Special. He is a special man and special person. And he has become my friend. Oh, there is a lot of people here. Whoa. [Applause]
But the language -- by both. But the language was so bad that many of the people left, right? By the time Hillary got up, there was nobody there. But the crooked media, those people back there, the most dishonest people. The crooked media does nothing, they don't explain it. They don't explain it. And isn't it amazing that when Jay-Z and Beyonce used that filthy language that they used in the songs, using words that if I ever said those words, it would be the reinstitution of the electric chair, right?
It's true. It's so true. You think I'm kidding. So they released this picture, which was, you know, to the people of the state of Utah. I love Utah. I love the people of Utah. But that's not where you want to necessarily send a risque picture. Everybody in Utah got a picture and I don't think they showed that it was GQ. I don't even think they showed.
I went to Governor Kerry who was a Democrat, but I want to Kerry who was a Democrat, but I want to Kerry who was a Democrat, but I want to tell you he was a great, great problem. Tell you he was a great, great problem, tell you he was a great, great problem solver and they were spending so much solver and they were spending so much solver and they were spending so much money on and wasting it.
Would you trust Kamala Harris to talk to Russia or China [Audience boos] and talk them out of a war? Let's talk. I don't think you would. Would you trust her to steer us out of an economic calamity she has put us into? And we are -- right now, we had the lowest job numbers I think I've ever heard. I've never heard of 12,000 jobs.
I pay for it, OK? But you know what, I'll tell you what, a lot of people -- and I didn't think it was that big of a deal. And I had people that said you have no idea what -- you know, how important it is. I get so many applause. I have turned down tens of millions of dollars, people wanting to put money into this campaign, into PACs. I've turned it down.
The Teamsters want Trump. Did you see the Teamsters? The rank and file of the Teamsters voted 62 percent for Trump. Never have -- no thing like that ever happened before. The firemen nationwide voted for Trump. The firemen never happened before. Never happened before. But I will never apologize for defending America.
As soon as I left, we had the situation where Russia went into Ukraine. They would have never done that and where Israel's attacked, and then we had inflation, and then we had that horrible, horrible event that took place in Afghanistan. The worst, I think, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country.
You must show up and vote on November 3rd. In a second term, we will increase funding for law enforcement. We will hire more tough-on-crime prosecutors to put violent offenders behind bars. We will finish and win the war against MS-13 killers. We've taken thousands out of our country and brought them back where they came from.
Somebody said would you run your business and be President at the same time? Are you kidding me? No matter how good a business -- what this is, this is an opportunity that is so awe-inspiring to be President the United States, to make our country so strong again because we have to make it strong. We have to make it rich.
What a great -- he's a businessman. Hey, he's from New Hampshire, what else is new? So it's such a good point and I made it last night but people don't want to hear it. They don't want to hear it. To keep we spend really I would say $200 billion a year, OK? $200 billion a year on illegal immigration. I think the number is much higher than that.
Come November 8th, we are once again going to have a government that serves you, your family and your country. Gonna have it. [Applause]
Why do our leaders spend so much time talking about how to help people here illegally, they're here illegally, and they spend and they work and they try so hard to help them, but they don't try helping American citizens, some of whom have been devastated by what's happened to their children and their families? Devastated.
So maybe how would you like to do this? Fox, for the first debate, ended up with 24 to 25 million people, one of the largest in the history of cable. Maybe the largest show, I think, in the history of cable. CNN had 23 million people. It was the biggest show in the history of CNN. This isn't me. This is from SHOWBIZ.
I will fix it. I will fix it. [Applause]
And all over Asia -- [Applause] -- and all over Asia they're celebrating the great achievement that we made because you were the ones that put me here. We made -- that we made all over Asia. [Applause] And really all over the world. And by the way, in our country. Everybody knows what a great achievement this is not only for us, but for North Korea, for South Korea, for Japan, for China, for everybody.
He threw the F word out, OK? The F bomb. He threw the F up. Can you imagine if I used that word? Man, that would be a big story. That would be all over the world. He threw it out, nobody cares. And then we had our vice president apologize to him. Now look, I love Mexico. I love the Mexican people. I have many, many hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of Mexican people.
Isn't that amazing? We fight for other countries that half the people in this room have never even heard of, Tremendous money, more importantly, blood, blood, blood. We lose our great people. We fight for these countries to have borders. And yet at home we don't fight for our own border. That will change on November 8. At Trump Administration will never ever put the interests of a foreign country before the interests of our country.
And I don't like those people and I go after those people. In fact now -- No, I do. I go after them. But here's what we do, we're going to discuss today success, and things that I've learned. And I had plenty of time to think about it because I just got off a plane, 22 hours, and if you can't think about things like success for 22 hours -- I mean, you got -- I could talk to you for a long time about success.
We've been living under outdated immigration rules from decades ago. To avoid this happening in the future, I believe we should sunset our visa laws so that Congress is forced to periodically revise and revisit them. We wouldn't put our entire federal budget on autopilot for decades, so why should we do the same for immigration?
And then the other day I heard that Biden wants to give those countries $4 billion because he thinks that they're going to spend the money on economic development. No, it's going to go economic development into their bank accounts in Switzerland, okay? That's the economic development we're talking about.
He said, "Sir, would you like to go to sleep for a while? You had a long trip." You know, it's a long trip and got a little scary at the end, right? He said, "Would you like to go and rest for a while?" I think he's used to other presidents, if you want to know the truth. I said, "No, let's go and have our meeting.
I don't know that he's going to make it to the starting gate, but let's assume he does. If it's not him, it'll be somebody else with the same ideas because that's the ideas they have. They're very destructive for our country. But we will stop him. Hopefully, your leaders at United Auto Workers will endorse Donald Trump because standard history for years and decades and years and years and years, they always endorse a Democrat.
That's a lot of cash. 1.8 billion, not even, nobody's ever even heard of such a thing. 1.8 billion, five planeloads of cash. I recognize the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. Every president for decades, they campaigned on that. Every president, look at that, that says.
And I said that was terrible in Dallas and they gave me a list of like, eight other states in the last short while where the same, smaller number, but the same thing was happening where police are being killed. We have to respect and cherish our police. [Applause]
My opponent has put forward a radical plan to eliminate U.S. borders by implementing catch and release programs and I ended it. Do you know what catch release is? You catch a murderer, you catch your rapist coming across our border and you release them. Catch, catch them and release them and you say, I'm sorry, three years from now, please come back for a court case.
They used hammers to destroy phones so they couldn't be turned over later -- and by the way, who uses 12 different phones in 4 years? The only people who use that many phones are usually involved in very, very shady activity.
Almost 14 million votes. We've received almost 14 million votes think of it. I mean, that's pretty good. I'm very proud of that. Ronald Reagan, who we love. We received many more than Ronald Reagan. More than Nixon, more than Bush, more than Eisenhower, Dwight Eisenhower. I mean, he won the Second World War, folks, you know, I mean.
So I want to be unpredictable, OK? I would never have given a date. I might have said we're going to stay there for 20 years. We're going to stay there for eternity. And these other guys would say, Oh
People came from all over. People came from all over. So, Sarah said, and Mercedes said, "Sir, it doesn't matter. Nobody cares." I said, "But I care." [Laughter] And people care. People care. So what I'm going to do is I'll give it to the great one. I'll give it to Mark Levin. And I'll give him the picture.
Thank you, Illinois. Thank you.
That's what's happening. But it shattered so many families lives and stolen so many incredible young lives, and it's also really badly hurt our Black population and our Hispanic population because these people are taking their jobs. The jobs now are down, way down for the Black population and the Hispanic population because we have millions of illegal aliens that have poured into our country.
That's one of the places that solar really does work, the tremendous sun and heat. It really does work there. So, we'll see what happens with that. That would be great. And I think we could make it look beautiful too. It would really look beautiful. So, that would be nice.
We'll be back. And we are coming back as a country like nobody has ever seen. When I'm greeted -- and I'm often greeted -- by leaders of the world, they start off by saying two things: "Congratulations on what you've done with your country, from an economic standpoint. We've never seen anything like it." And, "Sir, congratulations on rebuilding your military." And that's what we've done. God bless you all. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Now, we don't play the game the way they play the game. They play the game to win. We play the game in this country to survive. We're going to start playing the game to win. So just hang in there, I know it's not easy, but hang in there, man. Hang in. So sad. And what you just said, thousands and thousands of companies in our country.
And when I terminated the Russian pipeline, Nord Stream 2, Biden approved it, but he terminated our pipeline, which is Nord Stream, right? The Nord Stream is the Russia -- which is Keystone, the Keystone XL. He terminated our pipeline, but he approved the Russian pipeline. Nord Stream 2, going all over Europe, heading to Germany, but going all over Europe.
It's going to be distributed free to everybody. We will deliver 100 million doses of a safe vaccine before the end of the year, and maybe quite a bit sooner than that. Seniors will be the first in line for the vaccine, and our front line workers, too. I will break through every obstacle, which we've already done, use every resource, and I will not rest until we eradicate this disease that should have never come to our shores, or to the shores of the rest of the world.
It's here a lot. And then one day, I said, "What happened to that company? I love them. They did a building for me two years ago." I said, "What happened? "Sir, they're closed. They've basically moved into China." The guys have stayed here. The talent -- is so talented. I used to take an arm of a chair. I said, "
He protested. He said, "That's ridiculous. It can't be." So they went back and they checked all the facts, and it went from 98% to 99%. Is that a true story? And that was Mclaughlin. That's a great, legit firm. That was Mclaughlin. He said, can't be. That's too hard. It doesn't look right. We'll check it again, 99%. But they don't like that.
So here's what we're going to do. We're going to start winning again. We're going to win so much, you're going to be so sick of winning, folks. Oh, you're going to be so angry at me. You're going to be so angry at me. You're going to have you lieutenant governors here. You're going to have your head of the Supreme Court who's here.
it's a question of management it's a question of style our veterans are not
Mitt Romney ran and I backed him, and he lost. And then I said to my wife, you know what this time, I'm going to do it myself. We're going to get it done. We're going to get it. So, so important. You're going to remember this night. You're going to remember this night. Beautiful evening. Very nice. Other than, I don't like -- other than, I don't like the scenery of empty factories all over the place, OK? But you're going to remember this beautiful evening.
Primarily three, but there are others too. And I said, "How much do we pay them every year? What do we give them?" "750 million, sir." That's a lot. I said, "We're not going to pay them anymore. Stop payment." It's like a stop payment of a check. We stop payment and let them know because they're not taking back the people that they sent over.
He wanted the job as FBI Director. I mean, these are things that are out there; they know it. Why isn't that -- and I didn't give it to him. Why isn't that mentioned? Jim Comey -- Lyin' James Comey -- [Audience Boos]
And there were times when, you know, the -- the media was trying to cause trouble. They'd come into Iowa. "Isn't it terrible with the practices and the trade." And the farmers would say, "No, the President is doing the right thing. It's tough, but the President is doing the right thing." But then we started doing the big tariffs -- taking in literally tens of billions of dollars.
We have to work. We have to work, OK? He talks about the carbon footprint and then he flies a really old 747 that spews out all sorts of to Hawaii, right? The carbon foot -- what happened to the carbon footprint? So here's the story. So with all of the money they give and it's massive. Yes, thank you. Yes, darling.
After a full, impartial and long overdue security assessment, we will develop a responsible immigration policy that serves the interests and values of America.
We're going to make it affordable again. Thanks to Kamala Harris' tie-breaking vote here in Atlanta, you suffered the highest inflation of any city in the country last year. Good job, governor. Great job, governor. Under Kamala, the typical Georgia family has lost $28,000 in inflation and to inflation hikes.
I will even give Joe Biden 10 strokes a side, 10 strokes, that's a lot. That means 20 strokes in case you don't play golf. I will give him 10 strokes a side. If he wins, I will give the charity of his choice, any charity that he wants, $1 million. I'll bet you he doesn't take the offer. I would bet. Because he's all talk.
Earlier this week I rolled out a plan to help our mothers and our families get affordable quality childcare for their children. [Applause]
Where's that there. Where's Hunter. Oh, he's in a country. I see his father just left the country. He's going to scam them for a couple of bucks. Where is Hunter? Nobody's got the laptop from hell. And she got up with the watermelon head like a watermelon and he goes, this was produced by Russia. These people are crazy.
The whole court system is different. Of course, I never seem to get one of them, so it's one of those things. Now I get killed in these courts. If I get one, you know what they do? "We'd like to recuse ourself." "Oh, great, that's wonderful." I promised that I would impose a travel ban to keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country, and I did that.
He was the -- I guess you'd call him the king of the mobsters, right? Al Capone only got indicted once. I got indicted four times, and mine were in, like, this tiny little bracket. It's amazing the way all these things cap. And just right smack in the middle, all these trials, I got these judges they appointed.
No, they hated it when I said it. They said, "He is not a perfect physical specimen. It's a disgrace. He's lying to the American public, and he is not young. He is not young." They went crazy. They went totally crazy. Oh, they went crazy. They spent two days on that one. Joe Biden. Well, he's always -- He's always threatening all the time, you know, they're so agitated, you know?
We're going to do it, regulation cuts, in addition. Again, we cut regulations and taxes more than anybody else, but we're going to get more because we're going to have so much money coming in from energy that we're not going to have to toy with your Social Security or your Medicare. We will have -- again, we are -- when I go to Saudi Arabia, talk to Saudi, any of the Saudis, and they order 200, you know, brand new Boeing 777, I said, "How do you get your financing?" They look at me like "Financing, we don't need -- we got nothing but cash, right?" We have bigger than they do. We have more than they do. We can do so well.
And honestly, it's been that way for a long time. It's a great tribute to our country that we can lose that much money for that long and here we still have a country. But we're not going to have word of bubble. We're not going to have it so much longer. You know, I told this story the other day. A friend of mine is very healthy guy, very strong guy.
So now she supports it because she thinks they're going to build a train to Hawaii. But they really believe this stuff. And you know, it's like, it's the craziest thing. They believe it. And we will have to do something but don't do it too early, please. Don't kill it because we want to be able to run against it. If they beat me with the Green New Deal I deserve to lose.
There are already a record 65 million people in the United States who speak a language other than English. It's in their interest and everyone's interest to control immigration so past arrivals can integrate into society and really join the middle class and the upper class.
We're not going to do it. I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate, right? Right? And I will keep men out of women's sports if that's OK. See, Nick, at least in golf, you know, they got to putt, right? Maybe in golf, they have a little chance but not much. No, I don't see it. I don't see -- I know you too well.
Then the second, I was really not because I got a lot of bad press that I was too rough. I wasn't nice. So the second guy was -- the second event, I said, be really nice to him. Please, don't hurt him, please. And he was a bad guy. He was a rough guy, who's swinging at them. He was -- you know, they were in fistfights.
My goal is to provide every African-American child in our country with access to the latter of American success. That means good education and a great-paying job. It includes also -- thank you. Education and jobs. It includes also school choice competition. School choice. It means reforming regulations so young Americans can get the credit they need to start a small business, and that includes African Americans, Hispanics, and everybody else in our country.
So, your coal industry, your steel industry, which has been ravaged, your General Electrics of the world, which have been ravaged, just ravaged, we're going to end it and I'll tell you why. Over the years, I've watched. For years, for 10 years, for 12 years, for 15 years, beyond Obama, and I've watched as politicians talked about stopping countries from leaving - companies from leaving our states. You need strength, is right.
Over 3,000 people have been shot in Chicago since January 1st of this year, 3,000 people. There's a shooting, on average, every two hours.
I said how are we doing this year? They said you're going to win it by a lot, but we better win it. We've got to go out, we've got a vote. But powered by the incredible workers of your state, you are now really if you look at it, the No. 1 producer -- think of it. We are as a nation, your state is -- you have no idea how big an energy -- do you know how big you are in energy?
You see what's happening? It's amazing. They want to go to an all-electric car, listen to this, [Audience boos] which will by the way destroy your business in Michigan. They want to go to an all-electric car, right? But in California, where they're going all-electric, we want to -- they have blackouts every week and brownouts because they don't have enough electricity.
Because it's turned out, and I've been saying this from before it passed, Obamacare is a catastrophe beyond imagination. Insurers are leaving, doctors are quitting, companies are fleeing, workers' hours are being cut, part-time jobs are all over the place. Those beautiful full-time jobs that you used to have don't exist and deductibles are through the roof. You don't get to use it. We don't get rid of Obamacare, we have no choice. But if we don't get rid of it, our health care system is gone forever. We'll never have another chance.
I think... He's actually a nice guy, but he dropped out. So we have a total of 16 people. So when I'm getting nationwide, thirty to one poll came out 40, but what I'm getting 32, and it's sort of funny, I have a poll at 40, I have a pole at 32 and then I have these other polls, and you know, they're all like that. Winning in Iowa, winning in New Hampshire, winning every place, by a lot.
Can you imagine Joe Biden saying to China -- In fact, he actually said he'd take off the taxes and the tariffs that we charge China. [Audience boos] He said, "We'll take 'em off." [Audience boos] But now we know why. Because his son walked away with a billion and a half dollars in management fees. [Audience boos] And how about where the son said he wants 10 million a year for recommendation purposes, okay?
By the way, is there anything better than a Trump rally on a late Saturday afternoon slash evening? Having a good time talking about bad things. We're talking about bad things, but we're having as good a time as you can have considering the subject. But we'll be talking about great things someday and hopefully not too distant future.
But it sets a tone. It's very important. Sign up at ia.donaldjtrump.com and get involved. So, 2024 is our final battle. It really is. It's our final battle. We've got to win it. If we don't win it, I'm not sure there's a battle left. I'm not sure you can take -- you know, if you look at countries that have gone bad -- I used to say in 2016 and a little bit in 2024 that we will not be a socialist country, remember? "We will not be a socialist country." And I did it in front of Congress, State of the Union. "We will not be." And I was right because we skipped socialism.
He's become one of the great oil experts. That state is doing unbelievable since he's been governor. And he was like me, he was a successful businessman. He made a lot of money and he wanted to run and he knew the state. He was in the state, and he ran for governor. He won. He's been one of the best governors in the country, very smart.
I love -- I love the worker. I love the worker. Somehow we have this relationship. They talk about it all the time. "Why the hell do they like Trump?" But they like me. What can I tell you? [Audience member calls out "We Love You"]
Yeah, how about that? I like that. Yeah, let's change the name. Let's change it. Kelly, let's change it. If they name it Trump, let's change it. No. Now they're going to go back and say, "He wants to have Fort Benning changed to Trump." Watch. They'll say, "He's asking, he's begging for Fort Benning to be changed to Trump." No, no.
And everyone said, "Sir, we've trying to get that approved for 40 years." But I'm good at getting things approved. We're pretty good at that, right, and we got it approved.
We're now in the midst of a great economic revival. And it's for that reason that I chose -- this is the time. Last year, our country lost 817 billion -- with a "B" -- dollars on trade. We lost $817 billion. And people say, "Oh, could you do it this week? Could you get it done immediately?" These countries have been ripping us off for decades. It doesn't take a week. It takes a little longer. But we're going to get it done. But just remember, we can't lose $817 billion.
The Democrats are now advancing an extreme $100 trillion government takeover called the Green New Deal. But I'd rather not talk about it tonight because I don't want to talk them out of it too soon. [Laughter] Because I love campaigning against the Green New Deal. I want them to make they do a big part of their platform.
And he's saying yes we're here with Donald Trump. He has a decent-sized crowd. He has it. We get more people at our rallies than Hillary gets with Beyonce and J. Lo and Jay Z and Jon Bon Jovi. And Jay-Z and Beyonce used the most filthy language you've ever heard. They used words that nobody would use and she comes out, oh, thank you so much.
Joe Biden's weakness caused the attack on Israel. Pure weakness and incompetence. Everywhere he goes, Biden's weakness provokes war and death because, as history shows, evil only respects one thing, unyielding strength. You've got to be strong. Otherwise, they're going to be taking over, they're going to be doing things that you wouldn't even believe.
Two years ago, we had the strongest southern border in American history. Two years ago. Seems like a long time ago, doesn't it? When you see what's happened to our country because our country is going to hell. Now, it's the worst border, in my opinion, in the history of the world. No third-world country would ever allow to happen to them what we've allowed.
But Bob Casey voted for every bill that caused the worst inflation in the history of our country, in my opinion. They call it decades. But I believe it's the history of our country because they're not using the real things like mortgage rates went from 2% to 10%. They don't say that. That's inflation, they don't say that.
But one of those little things in life, right? But they are outstanding people and great scholars. Brilliant. And they've done a very good job. I always say, except for me, they've done a very good job. Standing before you like, show your tax returns. That wasn't supposed to happen, right? Show your tax returns.
I will view the world through the clear lens of American interests.
I said at the time that I would do it for $500 million, rebuilding everything. It would be beautiful. I used to talk about I'm going to give you marble floors. They're going to give you terrazzo. I'm going to give you the best of everything. You're going to have mahogany walls. They're going to give you plastic.
And all we're going to do is very simple thing, we're going to make our country so incredible and so fast. You only have one thing to do on November 5th. We're going to vote for a person named Donald J. Trump. Have you ever heard of him? Have you ever heard of him? Nice hat. [Audience chants "Trump"] But if lying Kamala gets in, if she gets -- can you imagine another four years like we've lived the last four years? [Audience boos] Think of it.
OK. Well, so that is such a big problem. And I hear from so many different people. And also I mean, the big problem is with the VA. It's horribly run. It's a corrupt enterprise. It's really corrupt. And you look at what's going on in Phoenix with the VA, it's a disaster, a complete disaster. We're going to take care of the problem.
... but they can't do that anymore, so they call it Person. They want to be politically correct. That's OK.
I think we got him. You're beautiful. Arizona is where Wyatt Earp became a legend, where the American West became the American dream, and where generations of farmers, ranchers, pioneers, and soldiers use their own two hands to build a life and to build a home. They didn't have a lot of money. They didn't have a lot of luxury.
In his joint manifesto with Bernie Sanders, Biden just called for a complete suspension of deportations, closing down detention facilities, ending border prosecutions. Think of this. Restoring and expanding catch and release, handing out free welfare to new arrivals, work permits for illegal crossers, and mass amnesty for all illegal aliens.
They were ready to make a deal. They would have made a deal within one week after the election if it wasn't rigged and stolen. They would have made a deal within one week of the election. They were ready. And now, you read the papers. They have all of the enriched material they need. They can have nuclear weapons in a very short period of time.
That's why we had so many jobs. When you hear about their low unemployment numbers, they're terrible numbers because we had 164 million people working. They don't have anywhere near that because people aren't working and they say, "We're not looking for a job." So then they say three and a half and 4%, but that's not true.
So angry. Everything's screaming and shouting. He's like crazy. But he's a weak person. You know, he challenged me. Do you remember? A year and a half ago. "Oh, I'd like to take him behind a barn." And I said, "You know -- " I said, "Of all the people in the world that I could fight, that's probably the one I'd like to most fight." Now I -- So, those legs, those legs they've gotten very thin. Not a lot of bass. You wouldn't have to close, you wouldn't have to close to fi -- and by the way, he brings it up, you know when he brings it up, the press says nothing.
Unfortunately, in Georgia they're using the same horrible Dominion system, and it's already been out that hundreds of thousands -- Think of it. Hundreds of thousands of absentee ballots have been requested. You check it out who's requesting those ballets. The difference is, it's one state and we will have our eyes on it like nobody's ever watched anything before because we have to win those two Senate seats.
I said, "You know, it's a great time. I think I'll do that." I won't do this. I'm going to go up and buy 2,000 tow trucks. I'm going to make a fortune. You ever see the cars that are being towed all over the place? After Biden shut down the Keystone XL Pipeline, which I approved, and passed a $20 billion tax hike on American energy where they just got rid of all their jobs, gas prices in New Hampshire are up 53% in just a short period of time.
He's the leader of the parties. And he said nice things. I didn't know. I never met him. So I didn't know. And he said nice things. All of a sudden, I'm hearing things like, oh, isn't it terrible that Putin is saying that. That's not terrible. That's good. That's like a good thing, not a bad thing. He can't stand Obama.
Wow. Wow. Good talent. So, Jason and Jim are both running against extreme Democrats. Jim's opponent, Dan Feehan... supports a total government takeover of health care, which drives your costs right through the roof and the health care is lousy, by the way. Oh, is that so? And he wants to make Minnesota into -- true -- a sanctuary for the criminal aliens and for gang members.
Let's say it's great, things that you can't look bad; you can't -- they'll make it look okay. [Audience member yells "Liars"]
God bless you all. Go out and vote. God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you. [Applause]
I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. I will prevent World War III from happening. We've never been so close. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a missile defense shield over our country, all made in the USA, and a lot of it made in New Mexico.
A reporter said, "Sir, if you had to do it again, would you do it again?" I said, "Absolutely, because we're going to make America great again, and that's better than my life." [Applause] Right? These guys know. He knows. They know. Thank you. Thank you very much. [Audience chants "USA"] What an incredible crowd.
But could you imagine? He's been known to slap a soldier who was not exactly the kind of soldier he liked. In other words, a soldier that wasn't so brave. He had been known to slap. Now, if that happened here? Oh, boy, can you imagine if that would happen today? But his people loved him and his people would fight for him. And he wants to take care of his people because he loved his people.
My son buys weapons from him. My sons are in -- members of the NRA, so am I. Come here, come here. Looked like somebody was aiming at him up here. So, you know my sons, right? They're serious believers in the guns, right? What's the name of your company?
That was a big deal, not by much, but you know it's always gone up a lot, 18%, 6%, 9%. It went down and it's going to start going down because all of these very complex things that we're doing are starting to kick in. We're going to get them down. And maybe on that one, we're going to work with the Democrats to be honest, because they want to get it down too and we'll see if we can put it all together.
We're going to protect these companies. We're going to have a lot of companies moving. You watch Detroit. Detroit, you know, for 40 years ago, I've been hearing about Detroit's coming back. Never came back. It'll come back so fast with a series of brilliant incentives that won't cost us anything. But most importantly, tariffs and taxes.
Should we do a poll? They're ready? So we have the greatest phrase in the history of politics: Make America Great Again. And we wait and we have our new phrase because we've made America great, I told you, the stock market, we've rebuilt our military we've cut your Taxes like at a level that nobody could even think possible.
The Democrats won't give us the money. And I think it's more political, because who -- I mean, a wall works. Okay? They have drones. They want to give me unlimited money for drones, unlimited money for everything. You know, a drone, flying up in the air, doesn't help as 5,000 people are charging the border.
But people catch on after a few years of doing it. A highly respected man just endorsed by me today, future congressman for the second district, Eli Crane. Thank but, Eli. But you like me, right? Okay. The primary is August 2nd and early voting is already underway, so get out and vote. Don't wait, and do it as soon as possible.
Stand up. Two great people. [Applause]
From Allentown to Johnstown, from Harrisburg to Pittsburgh, and from Philadelphia to Scranton PA, we stand on the shoulders of American legends who poured out their blood, sweat and tears for our rights and for our freedom. They were so great. Pennsylvania is where our founding fathers declared American Independence.
And bringing back trillions of dollars from overseas -- money that was going to be spent in other parts of the world. Apple is bringing back $230 billion. They're building plants all over the United States, and a great -- from what I hear, a great campus, they call it. So many things are happening. But billions and billions of dollars is being brought back into our country -- money that could never have been brought back under the old system.
Then he got three and a half million cash from the Mayor of Moscow's wife. She very generously gave three and a half million dollars in cash. So when I asked during the debate -- Did anyone see the debate? I felt like Perry Mason and his cr -- and his absolute -- Look, the last question, I said, "Wait a minute.
Hadn't been so low in 34 years, including over 19,000 unaccompanied minor youth being dumped by coyotes and smugglers with no parents or no supervision, just dumped on our land. It's a humanitarian and national security disaster and it has to be stopped and it has to be stopped quickly. Every day, criminals, murderers, and sexual predators are pouring across our border and ending up right here, congratulations, in the state of Arizona, right in your wonderful Arizona.
And also Representatives Mark Walker and Richard Hudson. And two friends of mine that decided you know they had a choice. They could stay back and fight the hoax of impeachment or they could be here and bask in the glory of victory. I said, "Do me a favor, stay back. Mark Meadows and Mrs. Meadows is here right now.
We are a nation where fentanyl and all other forms of illegal drugs are easier to get than formula for our beautiful little babies, a nation where once revered airports are dirty, they're a crowded mess, you sit and wait for hours and then are notified that the plane won't leave and they have no idea when it will, where ticket prices have tripled, yhey don't have the pilots to fly the planes, they don't seek qualified air traffic controllers, and they just don't know what the hell they are doing.
And yet, nothing happens to Antifa, to Black Lives Matter. They kill people, they burn down courthouses, federal courthouses, nothing happens. It's like we have two different countries. It's so unfair. The Democrat Party's brazen, desperate attempts at censorship prove how cowardly they actually are. They are very concerned with MAGA, that I can tell you, and probably they should be. When Republicans take back Congress, the first thing they will do is defund this ridiculous propaganda board, fire the left-wing censors and terminate their outrageous violations of our First Amendment rights.
She said, they're politically correct. They want to be politically correct. So they didn't do it. So they had seven to nine bases. So he said, "Sir, what I do is very simple. I d leave from here but this is the least important, that supply from here. But I'd go out to all of these auxiliary or portable bases, and I'd hit him from the left.
We have a president that sent about two months ago 50 soldiers over, our finest, send 50 soldiers over to Iraq and to Syria. And what did he do. He announced we're sending 50 soldiers now they have a target on their back. They have a target on their back. Why is he doing that. Why can't he just send them.
I hope their husbands are happy with this. Are your husbands happy? Their husbands put up with it. No, they travel. They're all over the place. I go to Iowa, they're in Iowa. But we love you. Thank you very much. Great Americans. Great, great Americans. But these are the issues conservatives must run on and these are the issues conservatives will win on. And if we're going to save our country, this is what we have to do. Through our time, and down through history, American freedom has always been defended and preserved by citizens like you, Americans of courage.
And I've also directed the Pentagon to begin the process of creating the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces called the Space Force -- Space, very important.
We are going to have problems like you've never seen, I am very good at prognostication, folks, you're seeing that everything I've said has all come true pretty much.
If we get the evangelicals, we get the different people that are represented by you. If we get those people to vote, we're going to win in Virginia. We're going to win in Virginia. If they don't vote, not going to happen.
Although not in government service, I was totally against the War in Iraq, saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East. Sadly, I was correct, and the biggest beneficiary was Iran, who is systematically taking over Iraq and gaining access to their rich oil reserves -- something it has wanted to do for decades. And now, to top it all off, we have ISIS.
How the hell do you get elected if you have open borders and high interest rates and you can't buy a car, and if you do buy a car, they want you to buy an electric car, which doesn't go very far? And the United Auto Workers, this guy, Shawn Fain, the contract that he entered in, you know, all those cars are going to be made in China within three years.
That's exactly what happened. Because you had two powers that were identical in terms of military strength and they fight with each other for decades. They'd go 10 feet 10 feet 10 feet rest. 10 feet 10 feet. Gas would be thrown by Saddam Hussein. The world would go crazy. Then Iran throws a little gas, then they rest.
And eventually, let them go back to their lands. You know, what I find? I have thousands of employees. I have people that come here and they become citizens and they work and they work for years. And you know, no matter how beautiful they do, no matter what, they all want to go back to their country. Countries that you'd be surprised at frankly.
Where's Scott? Scott, thank you very much. Great honor, Scott. Thank you, did a great job. For generations, California was known as the embodiment of the American West, American culture, and America's future, and our great American dream. You don't hear about the American dream anymore, do you? You used to hear the American dream.
We just signed a budget that's so bad and the Republicans -- you know, we know where the Democrats are coming from. But these Republican politicians, they go to Washington and they're going to end Obamacare, which I'm going to do by the way -- I'm ending, I'm terminating, it's going to be repealed and replaced with something much better. But they go to Washington and they're going to do this and they're going to do budgets -- like I heard the guy before "We're going to work in the budget."
Look at all the -- you can't even see. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people. Unbelievable, thank you. You know, I always like to move the fake news way back, and I figured they have cameras that can do it, but that's the maximum they can do. They say that's the -- I don't think it is. But they say that's the max because I would've moved them way the hell to the back, if it were up to me.
So I have 20,000 people. I have 20,000 in Oklahoma, 35,000 in Mobile, Alabama. Nobody knows because those cameras they run in your face. And I think they can't move. You know, I think there may be fixed because modern cameras maybe. Except every time there's a guy that stands up protesting, you know, they're on drugs or something because some of these guys they said, they don't even know what the hell they're doing there.
People know me for my memory or I couldn't do this without teleprompters, right? Hillary, Hillary teleprompters. You know, she's got 10 people in her room. She's got a teleprompter. Oh, boy.
They want to defund police while hiring private security. They want to let rioters burn churches while jailing you for praying in your church. They want to abolish school choice while sending their children to the best private schools in the land. They want to cancel you. Totally cancel you. Take your job, turn your family against you for speaking your mind, while they indoctrinate your children with twisted, twisted, world views that nobody ever thought possible.
It's happening. It's happening. That's happening. I want to recognize the founder of Operation UNITE for his unwavering community service, for his incredible commitment, and to address this critical issue: Congressman Hal Rogers. A friend of mine for a long time. And I want to thank you very much, Hal, wherever you may be. Thank you.
Under Operation Warp Speed, my administration is developing a vaccine in record time. It will be distributed before the end of the year, and maybe quite a bit sooner than that. Four vaccines are now in the final stage of clinical trials. They're just about at the end. A lot of things are looking very good. It is the most ambitious vaccine program in U.S. history, probably in any history. The vaccines are being mass-produced in advance so they can be delivered within 24 hours of approval. The vaccine will be safe and it will be effective. It will defeat the virus and it will end the pandemic.
Did you see where she got upset yesterday because I took a little while, just a few hours, to cut a ribbon to make sure my kids did a good job? We built the building by the way, under budget, and ahead of schedule. [Applause]
You better go vote. If that doesn't get you out, if that doesn't get you off your ass to go out and vote for Trump, nothing will. Got to do it, right? Got to do it. And as we rescue our economy, I will also restore the sacred and sovereign borders of a place called the United States of America, right, United States of America.
Japan is back big lake big leg. You people know you are in the farmers as you know what I'm talking about. They're big league ordering stuff made in Japan because they've so cut their currency they've devalue their currency so quickly. Now China is an A student one currency devaluation in the history of the world there's nobody that plays with currency better than China.
We landed, and I say, "Oh." The little pin lights, tiny, you can't even see them. He hit them dead on. These guys are the most talented, I'm telling you, the most talented people. I said, "How did I do, Captain? Wasn't I brave? I didn't think we were going to live. I think we were landing on sand." He said, "You're a brave man." [Audience cheers]
You have to get out. You have to vote. But Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She supports free healthcare for illegal aliens. How about that one? You don't get free healthcare. These are all things that she would for years. Now, for the last little while, she's saying, "No, I don't really think that was right anymore."
They weren't they weren't stupid people. And we came in -- and this was a movement that nobody's ever seen before. You know, when that happens, if you almost win a state, you become some -- Pat Buchanan is an example in New Hampshire. He came in -- he did well. He did very well. And he's a terrific guy in many ways, right?
And as you know, I brought up illegal immigration, I brought up trade, I brought up some other things but the primary thing was trade. Illegal immigration. We're going to rebuild our military, make it us stronger, bigger, better. The cheapest thing we can do. Nobody, ever, will mess with us because they just toy with us right now.
We have nearly an $800 billion annual trade deficit in goods with the world, and the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression.
It's not going anywhere with me. That I can tell you. The Democrat Party has been completely taken over by socialist, Marxist, and far-left extremist. They have raised the policies of communist Cuba, socialist Venezuela, they want to end the American Dream for Hispanic Americans. We love Hispanic Americans.
I will tell you this, that Jorge Santos has done an amazing job for you folks. He is fighting endlessly and tirelessly, and he just doesn't stop. So I want to congratulate Jorge.
Your whole country will be like that. In 2018 alone, our police arrested nearly 12,000 people for murder and manslaughter, 25,000 people for rape, and nearly 1.5 million for assault, violent assault. The Democrats push against our police will drive up crime and drive up costs at levels you'd never believe.
They're not allowed to vote, but they voted anyway. 5,047 people, remember a little over 10,000. Think of that. Just give that a little thought. Every one of these numbers, 5,047 people voted in more than one county, resulting in up to 5,295, what they call overvotes. It's an overvote. In other words, you're supposed to vote in one county, not two.
Law and justice will reign all throughout our land. Freedom will be restored. The flame of liberty will be burning bright. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, the worst administration in the history of our country, will be a fading memory of the past. And our great silent majority, including the once-forgotten men and women of our country, will be the one shaping America's magnificent future when I am the 47th president of the United States.
They want to take it off. They're trying to take it off. But it's so good, it's so powerful, it's so strong. But they would take over your industry totally. But it remains in place to this day. Not because they wanted to, but because they have no choice. And it's no exaggeration to state that the Trump presidency and the deftly used and applied Trump tariffs and taxes saved the American auto industry from extinction time and time again.
And I say, "General, are you sure about that?" The power is just crazy. It's obliteration, and we have people that don't have a clue. And they're negotiating. Look, Ukraine should have never started. None of these things. How about -- how about when you look at Afghanistan? That would have never happened.
Thank you, everybody, for being here. In 12 days we are going to win Ohio and we are going to win back the White House, believe me. [Applause]
They know it's the right thing. They just don't want to give us the victory. It's not like Schumer says, oh, gee, you have it -- Israel has a wall. Bibi Netanyahu -- think of it. He said it worked 99.9 percent, their wall. They have a big wall. It's in the form of a very tough fence. But they have a wall.
Under Biden, there's been a 3,000% increase in the number of people on the terror watch list crossing into our country from the southern border, 3,000%. And that comes from the Border Patrol. Our country is going to pay a steep price for many, many years. This is a terrible thing that's happened. Now here's the story.
Thank you, Sean. And just give a little hand because he's done a hell of a job, too, our campaign chair, Bernie Comfort. Thank you, Bernie. Bernie Comfort, thank you. Thank you to Bernie Comfort. Thanks, Bernie. All right, while you guys are standing behind me like a beautiful curtain. Well, they're not blocking Air Force One, so we could -- but I have a woman with us tonight who has devoted so much.
After years of lawlessness, the United States is now enforcing our laws, first time in a long time. And protecting our workers, our schools and our families. Since I was elected, illegal border crossings, and this is without the wall.
We took space and now we're dominating them. We put some incredible people in there. Space Force has been so important. It'll end up being one of our truly important -- already is. I mean, it's coordinating. But we created Space Force. We did so many things, Right to Try, medically, Right to Try. If you're terminally ill, you had no right to get medicine.
There's only one reason they don't want voter ID because they want to cheat. That's the only reason. You have ID on every credit card. You have it on everything, but think -- and the interesting -- the people of the Democrat Party, it's 87% think that you should have voter ID. It's only the leaders because their policies are so bad that they couldn't get elected.
They have it in the email, 10% and 50%, but Joe is far more corrupt than hunter. But what happens is, they say, where's Hunter? And they see what's going on. Everybody's looking for him. Everybody wants to find and all we're hearing is that you can't talk about this kind of thing. You can't talk, can you imagine if that were Don Trump Junior's laptop?
I wasn't sure because I wasn't sure until I got down that escalator with my beautiful wife waving. She was more confident than I was up there. But she's waving, and I'm saying ah, yay, yay. Am I going to do this? The bottom of Trump Tower, this massive area, was you couldn't even see any of the marble because there were so many cameras on it and I took a deep breath and I went.
Thank you. So nice, so nice. So good. Thank you very much. We had a very -- we had a very, I love you too. [Audience chants "USA"] U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A. So good -- so good. Thank you very much for being here. This is an amazing crowd. And we have thousands of people outside trying to get in. The fire marshal was very nice to us. We're stacked right into the corners.
Two years ago, like trillion became a part. They don't talk billion any more than trillion. I used to have to say, "Gee, what does trillion mean?" Let me let me figure this out. I'm a smart guy. Let me figure this out. We don't hear billions anymore, but you don't hear millions. But if you need a million dollars to fix up a school in Boca or any place, you can't get it. So we spent $1.5 trillion and more importantly lost thousands of brave soldiers and military personnel, not to mention, because I do a lot of work with them, the soldiers that are all over with one arm and no legs and problems.
The minimal contributions because I can't send the money back. Number one, it's expensive to send it back. Number two, half the time you don't know where the hell to send it. And number three, if I sent a woman back who sent -- literally, I have a woman wrote a four page letter with a check for $17.50. If you send that back to a woman it's almost like insulting no matter how you put it, right?
I'm being indicted for you, never forget. Our enemies want to take away my freedom. Because I will never let them take away your freedom. Never. They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you. And in the end, they're not after me. They're after you. I just happen to be standing in their way.
You know your bite is poisonous and now I'm going to die. Oh shut up silly woman, said the reptile with a grin. You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in. [Applause] Right? Right? [Audience chants "Trump! Trump! Trump!"] There was no way I'm stopping for that maniac at the -- in the last sentence.
You ought to look at the Remembrance Project. These people are amazing people. These are people that suffered so much. Last year, right here in Florida, 17-year-old Starlette Pitts, her boyfriend and her mother were viciously stabbed to death in their Lehigh Acres home by an illegal immigrant. The killer had been convicted of assaulting a police officer and was wanted for double murder and robbery, but he was released from custody, enabling him to commit these and other horrible crimes.
It's historic. It is historic. It really is. It's historic, what you're doing, and that goes for you two. And Ben, I don't know. You're from a different age, but... Hey, Ben's been at the forefront, though, when you think. You know, he's a great doctor -- great, great doctor. I've had friends that had difficulty, and they called me, and they said -- and I sent them to Ben.
So I'll be -- one way or the other, I'm going to be on Pennsylvania Avenue. And by the way, I'm going to be on Pennsylvania Avenue not because I want to be, because I want to make the country great again. I'm working with you. I want to make the country great again. I thought I want to do. We have so much potential.
And then I announced some self-funding. You know, I'm totally self-funding. So, I'm not -- I'm not asking. And you know, coming over here I said to -- actually, this morning when we were in the car. I said, you know, I don't think that I'm getting any credit for self-funding, OK? I'm not getting credit for turning down tens of millions of dollars.
That's where I was at. But there's no way we can have a president of the United States that allows 3 million people a year or more, I'm sure, to come across the -- to come in our country illegally.
One of my very first actions as President was to direct my administration to take all necessary action to protect law enforcement from acts of violence against all of you.
Cy Vance dropped the case. And when Bragg came in, he said, "This is the most ridiculous case I've ever seen." And who would have a certain person -- again, gag order. Who would have a certain person like this ever testify? He said, "This is essentially one of the worst people I've ever seen ever to testify." He said, "The craziest case I've ever seen." This is Bragg.
We're going to fulfill it. We're going to save our country. But many, many people have said that. To every citizen across this land, I am asking for the honor of your vote. I don't want your money. I don't want anything. I just want your vote. We are -- we are on the five-yard line. I would actually say we're on the one-yard line, if you want to really know the truth.
I just want to give something back. That's all it is. It's all it is. [Audience Chants "Trump"] Thank you. And you know our theme Make America Great Again. Folks, we're going to make it so great. But here's what I want to explain. We always have a problem. It's a problem in translation because the press is so totally dishonest.
But I don't care about that. You're going to be proud of your country again. And we're going to start winning again. Because we don't win anymore. We never win. We don't win on trade. We don't win with the military. We can't beat ISIS. Believe me we're going to knock the hell out of ISIS. We have no choice.
General Grant. And he went in and he knocked the hell out of everyone. And you know the story. They said to Lincoln, you can't use him anymore. He's an alcoholic. And Lincoln said, I don't care if he's an alcoholic. Frankly, give me six or seven more just like him. He started to win. Grant really did. He had a serious problem.
We're not too close. We know the results, you know? The biggest lie of all is when they say, the big lie. You ever see these shirts with these fakers? They write stories and they, "Whoa. There's absolutely no proof." We got truckloads in every state. Wisconsin. You see what's going on in Wisconsin? Where they have almost 100% in senior citizens that supposedly voted.
But get better it will. It will take many years and even decades to address this scourge in our society, but we must start in earnest now to combat national health emergency.
That's what it's like. That's what it's like. And you can't deal with them and you have to see you. I mean it's so devastating to see what happened. But the three things the money. OK. And then the other two things. Twenty four days. And why don't we get. So they said about the president's. This I mean. They said we didn't want to talk about the prisoners because it would complicate the negotiations.
You had the best year economically that you've ever had. You're safe. But almost -- I can say it almost anywhere I go. You don't have to, like, Joe can't remember anything? This is when you don't have to. Just say, "He had the best -- " Because every state in the country just about. I think every state. Had the best year they've ever had last year.
You can now fund the rest of the wall. I said thank you very much, thank you. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, but they want to have open borders. They want to have sanctuary cities.  The radical Democrats have never been more extreme than they are right now. They are stone, cold, crazy. You know it's interesting, as I'm saying this stuff, you know, they want crime, they want chaos, I'm saying all this stuff, and then, I say gee, now I sort of understand why they hate me. But it's true, it's true.
They defunded police, abolished cash bail, and released thousands and thousands of dangerous criminals from jail onto the street. They incited a summer of deadly riots in Democrat-run cities, resulting in dozens of Americans killed and more than 2,000 police officers injured, including one officer shot in the head right here in Las Vegas.
The state of Florida has lost one in four manufacturing jobs since NAFTA and China deals happened.
And his name is Congressman John Duncan. Right? Right, John? He said, I've never seen anything like it. People that aren't even political, they have Trump all over. Good. And you know what I'm happiest about, we're overperforming, because everything I said, we are doing -- who thought the economy would be this good?
If we didn't do quantitative -- and this would lead to a little bit lower dollar. A little bit. I want a strong dollar, but I want a dollar that's going to be great for our country, not a dollar that's so strong that it is prohibitive for us to be dealing with other nations and taking their business. Since the election, we've created a number that if I would have said during the campaign, the fake news just back there would have said this is crazy.
I said as you build your plant, you're going to become a utility and you're going to build a separate plant right alongside of it. You're going to build it. You're going to build a plant that produces electricity and you produce it through natural gas, coal, nuclear. We don't want to produce it through wind because we don't feel like ruining 50 miles of beautiful plains and beautiful vistas and, uh, but we want to produce it. You know, interestingly China is opening up a coal plant every single week, but now I'm finding out it might be two plants every single week.
I'll be prepared. Believe me, I'll be prepared. But we're going to find out. And I think, I think it's important for actually for them as professionals that they treat me fairly. I don't want to be treated any better, but I have to be treated fairly. I thought I was not treated fairly in a couple of instances.
And you wouldn't have had the problem but they didn't want to do it. So something bad is going on. And before we do anything and before this country goes totally to hell, we better get smart. We better get away from these stupid politicians that don't have it. And we better do it right because we're not going to have much of a chance.
And I really appreciate you being here. This is our final push. You know all over the world they're talking about what's happening. The momentum that we have. It's a movement. They're calling it a movement. It's not me it's you. I'm a messenger. Believe me. I'm just the messenger. People are fed up with what's going on. And by the way, they're fed up, they're fed up with the stupidity in Washington.
Right now, we're fighting the party because it's a racist. OK? It's racist." So -- so you know, over a period times my wife would say, "Be more presidential." Ivanka would say, "Be more presidential." And I started thinking and I said, "I can't." You know, being presidential is easy. Much easier than what I have to do. Here, I have to rant and rave.
Thank you. This election will decide whether we build on the extraordinary prosperity that we've unleashed or whether we let the radical Democrats take control of Congress... and take a giant wrecking ball to our economy and to our future. It's not going to happen. America now has the best economy in the history of our country.
John Deere? They're all beautiful as far as -- As long as they're made in this country, we like them. Biden shut down the investigation into the Wuhan lab. He canceled my program to root out Chinese spies. He weakened my China tariffs. They are weakened and we had strong tariffs. They used to come in and say, "We don't want." You know, at the beginning, when I put the tariffs on, they have great negotiators.
Did we leak the document? No." [Laughter] "How about the aide?" "No, you idiot! No!" [Laughter] "No, we didn't leak the document. We didn't leak the document. No, we didn't." That was the worst body language that I've ever seen. Oh, what a group. What a group. Holier than thou, aren't they? Holier than thou.
I want to thank Kristi Noem and Tom Homan for doing an unbelievable job. The whole thing, the job they're doing is incredible. It's really an unforced error. It should have never happened, that we have to be spending such time and resources, Mr. Senator, right, on getting people out of our country that shouldn't be here.
That's a statistical fact, and it's nice to see that wages are finally first time in many, many years that wages are going that. More Americans are now working than ever recorded in the history of our country. In other words, today right now, you have more Americans working than have ever worked in the history of our country. That's an amazing statistic.
You're speaking in front of 20,000 people, and by the way, you saw Lowell, Massachusetts the other day. We had like 14, 50 -- Is somebody from Lowell? You're from Lowell, Massachusetts. She followed us here. Wow, that's amazing. But you know, we did something -- it's never been done like that. I mean, they don't even want to use that arena because it's too big.
They've been after me for so many years now. Here we are. Here we are. Come to the White House anytime you'd like. No, they've given up, bad -- a lot of bad people. But all over that's been so popular. It's been a very popular. I really thought that we were going to have to sort of fight it through. There's been no fight.
We're buying cheaper drugs from other countries and approving more generic drugs than ever, ever, ever before. We are defending your right to keep your doctor. We are defending your right to keep your plan. Remember Obama, 28 times, you can keep your doctor. You can keep your doctor, 28. You can also keep your plan.
Or if they didn't have money, they'd go home and die. Now you sign a piece of paper, there's no liability to anybody. They give you these new drugs, pills, shots, whatever it might be, and many, many thousands of people are living now that would not be living. So we did so many things. Rebuilding our military was so great.
Mortgage rates were setting an all time. We were at 2.7%. Now you can't get a mortgage, 8%, 9%, 10%, 12%, you can't get a mortgage. We were energy-independent. We would, right now, be energy independent and energy dominant. We'd be selling our energy all over Europe. It would be making a fortune reducing our debt and reducing your taxes.
I said, "No. My personality's going to keep us out of wars." We didn't start any war. I was the first president in decades who didn't start a war. I got us out of the wars. [Audience cheers]
But take a look at the war happening right now in Ukraine. It would have never happened if I were president to start off, right? And there didn't even have to be a settlement. It wouldn't have happened. Period. Russia wouldn't have gone in. I spoke to Putin about it a lot. I got along very well with Putin.
There's never been this. You know, Ronald Reagan was great. I thought he was a great guy, great President, didn't like his policy trade, that's OK, trade, but if he came to Las Vegas, you know, they'd have a ballroom. They'd have five hundred, maybe a thousand people. What we're doing is this isn't? Even I must say this.
And I called up my wife -- you heard this story. I called up my wife and I said, "Baby, who could do this but me. I had 35,000 people. You know, I had 107,000 people in New Jersey. Wildwood, Wildwood, we love Wildwood, 107. We had 25,000 people, and that was a rainbow coalition. That was a real -- that was unbelievable.
And I pay them a lot of money, I want to tell you that right now. So thank you, everybody. It's a really great honor.
The good jobs we don't have anymore. Even the other side, we have jobs, we don't have good jobs. But you give up looking and yet you are considered statistically employed because the number's a phony number, five percent. Every time I watch that, unemployment is down to five percent, it's not down to five percent.
We're not going to have any cuts, and we're not going to raise the age. She's going to raise the age by seven years on Social Security. We're going to have no cuts whatsoever. And we didn't have any. And there'll be no benefits for illegals, by the way. [Applause] Already, Kamala is ransacking Medicare to pay for the Green New Scam.
That's what it's run. It's run like a third world country. She sold favors and access in exchange for cash. She sold it. She sold favors. She sold access. And wait til you see when it's revealed all of those people -- now it looks like it's 50% of the people that sought here had to make contributions to the Clinton Foundation.
Now is the time for these voices to be heard.
And it's truly wonderful to be back in Atlanta, and back with my friends at the NRA. You are my friends, believe me. [Applause] Perhaps some of you remember the last time we were all together. Remember that? We had a big crowd then, too. So we knew something was happening. But it was in the middle of a historic political year, and in the middle of a truly historic election. What fun that was -- November 8. Wasn't that a great evening? Do you remember that evening? [Applause] Remember that? [Applause]
I'm here fighting for you and I will continue to fight for you. The victory and the win were something that really was dedicated to a country and people that believe in freedom, security and the rule of law. Our victory... [Applause]
It'll be, "Oh, how how horrible are we?" It's a very tough thing to fix, but we're going to fix it because we have no choice. But we're going to start with these horrible criminals, and there are lots of them. Four hundred and twenty-five thousand illegal aliens convicted of crimes are now free to roam in our country, including all of those murderers and all of those drug dealers and all of the human traffickers in women -- in women.
They don't live here. Many of them live in Switzerland and Sweden and lots of other countries. They don't mind. They don't even think about it. They'll take these companies out of here so fast. It's a mass charge to see who can get what company. And they want to go, and they'll go. They don't care. They have no loyalty to our country.
Sanctuary city policies are just wrong. They're immoral and they're lethal, and they really are something that has to be stopped. They have to be stopped now. What's happening is a disgrace. Thankfully, here in Iowa, your great Republican Governor sometimes referred to as Governor Reynolds, signed a statewide ban on sanctuary cities.
There are those who say these sacred beliefs are outdated, but we know they are just the opposite. Our traditions and our values are timeless and immortal. They don't know what they're missing, right? They don't know what they're missing. Our faith is needed now more than ever while certain fads come and go. It's an eternal truth that faith and family lead to the stability, happiness, and prosperity of nations.
So I know Pittsburgh, have a lot of friends -- Big Ben is a friend of mine, Big Ben, do we love Big Ben? A lot of friends, and I will tell you this -- I asked when I came over, I said, "Give me some stats on how Pittsburgh's doing." And it's no different really than the country. The country is doing lowsy, we're losing our jobs. They're moving to other countries. They're moving to Mexico.
We have almost $20 trillion in debt. We have to make our country wealthy again. And we will make America wealthy again. We will make America proud again. Proud. You won't be embarrassed like you are now with the Iran deal or when you see $400 million being spent on airplanes to terrorists who, by the way, won't use that money for terror.
As part of our plan to bring back American jobs, we will lower taxes on our businesses from 35 percent down to 15 percent, going from the highest-taxed nation in the world to one of the lowest. [Applause]
Frankly they should've never been there. One's there because he's a Christian minister. He's a pastor. They should have never ever been there. So I've been saying. But think of this.  I've been saying that that's one of the really great deals ever made. And then I said him as of two weeks. You know what that's not the greatest deal.
We were talking to NARA. But NARA is radical left. They have a red flag on the Constitution of the United States and on the Bill of Rights. You know what a red flag is? It is a dangerous document. This is where NARA is coming from. They've done, I would say, over the last number of years, very poor job, but they're very, very radical left.
That was true. That was true with, uh -- during the debate. He -- When he said the oil. I said, "Whoa. This is the biggest question of the night." But with Chuck, he said, "Did you leak?" "What? What?" "Did you leak?" "Uh, yes, yes. I did." And I'm sitting there saying, "I don't believe this." Oh, we love Chuck, what a piece of work Chuck is.
And what happens, Iran is now taking over Iraq. When you think of how Iran is doing lately right between the Iran deal we get $150 billion. We got nothing for it. We should have gotten our prisoners back long before we started negotiating. And all you do is say, "Listen, we're not negotiating until we get our prisoners back.
I visited Bethlehem, a city so precious to so many, and met with the Palestinian leader, President Abbas. He assured me he is willing to reach for peace with Israel in good faith -- and I believe he will -- and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who assured me that he, too, was ready to reach for peace. Hes a friend of mine, and he means it.
You know, it's going to be made here. It's going to be made elsewhere, but it's going to be made here. We're opening up plants, we're opening up factories, and we're going to be great to small business. Wait'll you see the final product. Wait'll you see what finally comes out in what I call the mixer.
And they said to the expert, "Well, who's the dominant force?" And the expert said, "As you know, I've analyzed it. I've spent a lot of time doing it. And I don't think you're going to like the answer, but President Trump is the dominant force," said that. I don't know if it's true. I don't know if it's true.
I swear he's a leaker and we got him." But they don't want to do that. They don't want to do that. But that's the only way you're going to find -- we have to find -- can you imagine they leaked out of the Supreme Court? Never happened. A thing like that never happened before. You have to get the writer and you have to tell the writer.
Now in order to get away from nesting turtles, rattlesnakes, and everything else, that highway is the craziest looking sucker you've ever seen. It's twice as long as it was supposed to be. My father and I would have designed it a straight path, point to point, right? And but it took -- and it cost, you know, I mean, literally, almost hundreds of times more than it was supposed to cost.
For years, you had a President who apologized for America and now, you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Minnesota. Thank you. But if we don't win, I'm never calling you great again. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and get your co-workers, and get out and vote.
Where's her husband? Oh, he's away. He's away. What happened to her husband? What happened to her husband? Where is he? He's gone. He knew. He knew. But no, think of this, think of this, "I will never run against you, sir." But it's all over tape. The great Dan Scavino, he made 19 versions of it. "I will never run against him." "Will you run against the -- " "I will never." A little while later, "I'd like to announce my candidacy." We don't need people like this.
Why would we do that? They laughed at me. They thought, what kind of a person is this that would ask for such a stupid request? I said, no, no, you're going to give it 100%. And I had it out a little bit with the president. I said, listen, you and I are friends. Just send me a negotiator, please. And they sent a man and you've heard this?
I don't think we've ever been closer to World War III than we are right now. It's a terrible thing. Our country is being destroyed by a radical political class that sends our guardsmen and women to defend the borders of distant foreign nations while they surrender our own borders to an invasion right here at home, the likes of which we've never seen before.
We can be so great again. I see it. I see it with the people. I meet with people. They're so incredible. I want to see Apple making their iPhones in this country. I don't want it made in China. I want it made this country and we're going to have that and we're going to have that. So I just finished by saying this, we haven't won in a long time.
Not going to be easy. But that's the way you are supposed to do it. Our agenda is the pro-growth agenda. We want to control our boarders and lift our people from welfare to work. We want to support our police and make our communities safe. We want to reduce taxes and increase wages for all of our people.
There's no reason it should be taking 20 years, and as promised we've directed more than a half a billion dollars to fix Lake Okeechobee's, Herbert Hoover Dike. Everybody wanted that done. Your Governor, both your Governors, your last Governor and your current Governor, wanted that done. So we have the Army Corps of Engineers are doing a fantastic job and they're getting it done.
That's what it is. Because they're in the pocket of the radical left Democrats, the same people who are destroying our country, and they're destroying our country. And you have no doubt about it. We've had more problems, we've had more destruction, I think, than five presidents put together in the last year.
Do you trust the ballot system? Do you do early voting or do you do the ballot early? I like early, but early. As early as good ballot is not good. We got a very horrible, horrible ruling from the Supreme Court of the United States, a ruling that puts our country in danger actually on Pennsylvania. They have so much time to do this thing.
And I'm very proud of all of the folks that have worked so hard in FEMA, all of our first responders, all of our police that have gone to the island because their police force has been so badly affected. And many of their policemen -- in fact, most of the police people have lost their homes, and it's been a tough go. But we are -- we're going to get it back.
These are the values that unite people in the Panhandle. Panhandle. Oh, we love the Panhandle. You all love the Panhandle? I think so. You're incredible people. I tell you, you're incredible people. You're smart, you're loyal, you're unbelievable people. But all across the magnificent state of Florida and all over our country you joined our movement because you rejected the values and betrayals of past politicians.
There's nothing. I mean if you offered me that stuff I'd say you, uh,forget it. Who wants it? But if you're addicted to it it's a very tough thing. I've known some very tough, very smart people. You get addicted to it. It's a very tough thing. So we're going to clog that up. We're going to stop it. We're going to help the people that have the problem and try and get them off it and we can do that.
No. She said that. And I'll never forget that. I always thought it was cool. You know? You know you're, it's like, second nature. You know you're wed, you know, for good, running against a lot of very talented people. And then we had to run against a very talented, crooked machine. Joe Biden is bought and paid for by big tech, big media, and powerful special interests. [Audience boos] You saw that over the last couple of weeks. [Audience boos] All the corruption, and they refuse to even talk about it.
They'll call you -- you shouldn't have said this, you shouldn't have said that. And that's part of the country. And they don't even want to know the truth, and a lot of the public company stuff is very bad because these guys are running companies, and they're afraid to do anything. But, you know, if for some reason the Miss USA, Miss Universe goes away -- it's a very good company, very profitable, does great.
Those people are not employed; these are great people. And there are plenty of them in here.
I want to get -- Will you please, I want to get his wife on the list. It's called Right to Try, Right to Try. We'll work -- he's been a friend of mine, oh, come on. He's been here for a long time. He's been -- he's been a good guy for a long time. We got to get -- is your wife? how's she doing? She couldn't get it before me.
And then after that, everybody thanks me. They thank me so profusely. You're talking about trillions and trillions of dollars of destruction would have been done to our country with the Paris Climate Accord. And it is so unfair. It doesn't kick in for China until 2030. Russia goes back into the 1990s, where the base year was the dirtiest year ever in the world.
I'm looking and I walk, "What? Where? Where?" And he walks off the stage, and he's like -- and they said it was me. I couldn't find -- I can't use sarcasm because they're very dishonest people. You know, sarcasm is a disaster. Every time I use sarcasm like that, they say I couldn't find my way off the stage.
So they'll keep their money. They'll spend their money. They'll buy our product. Our factories will be moving again. Companies are going to move back into our country, jobs are going to prosper, and our country is going to be just like it says on that beautiful red hat -- it says: Make America Great Again. That's what we're going to do. [Applause] Right?
ICE is the one that goes in, they go in and they'll attack some of the worst criminals in the world like MS-13, they chop people up, they cut people down, they like knives because they're more painful than a bullet. What they've done to young women, what they've done to men, what they've done to everybody, and what we've done is we send ICE in and to them it's just another day in the office, because they're tougher, they're stronger, they're patriots, but they're mentally great and they're going against some real devious. And they're taking them out of the country, they're bringing them out by the thousands and they're getting them out, and the Democrats want to get rid of ICE. Can you believe that? Can you believe that?
Like Hillary Clinton, they look down on the hardworking people of the country. That's what's happened. The media is entitled, condescending and even contemptuous of the people who don't share their elitist views. And this is all for money. This is for money, largely, money and power. I see you and I hear you. I am your voice. Remember... [Applause]
It's very dangerous. Very, very dangerous. And think of it, I got indicted -- Every one of them is just ridiculous, but think of it --
Very smart. The Rubios of the world cannot get into that school. They don't have the capacity. Actually, Cruz could, in all fairness, Cruz could. I, I don't know that he has the temperament. I think neither has the temperament but academically, certainly. But, I go to Wharton. I'm smart. You're smart, but you don't have to be smart.
And that's everybody saying that, virtually everybody, the One Big, Beautiful Bill to secure our borders, turbocharge our economy and bring back the American dream. That's what's happening too. It's met with tremendous approval and reception. And when we were thinking about doing it, we were going to break it down into three, four, five, six or even seven bills.
And we're running against something far bigger and far more powerful than them, which is a massive, vicious, crooked, radical left machine that runs today's Democrat Party. It's far bigger than them. This is who we're fighting, and we're fighting them hard. These are the people who are doing such harm to our country with their open borders and record-setting inflation and the green new scam.
And we didn't keep Bagram, one of the biggest military bases, one of the biggest, most powerful runways in length and in strength, eight feet deep of concrete. We didn't keep it. Think of it, one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons. We didn't keep it. In New York City, our police are being mobbed, brutalized, and horrifically beaten by swarms of migrants who have no business being in our country, yet then they are released back onto the streets while giving our police officers the middle finger.
We don't win with our military. Our military is so depleted. Our military has fighter jets that are in use, flown by great, great American people that are so old and they can't get parts for the fighter jets. These are people flying these jets now in combat. They can't get parts. So they go to the plane graveyards, in the deserts.
We're going to get them out. We have no choice. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. They are conquering areas of our country. They are conquering. We don't know, and nobody wants to talk about it. And the fake news, of which there is a lot back there -- whoa. [Audience boos] That's a lot.
We're going to pay off debt. We're going to reduce taxes. We're going to make so much money that these guys came along and they stopped it all. What we had done is amazing. But with Venezuela, they put their oil and they refined it in Houston. So, all of those pollutants go right up in the air. We don't want to take oil because we want to watch the environment, but we'll take the worst tar in the world burn the crap out of it, create oil, and watch it go into our atmosphere so the environmentalists have no problem with that.
This is one of the most important elections of our lifetime. This is a very important election. I wouldn't say it's as important as 2016, but it's right up there. It's right up there. It really is. It's become so incredible and there is electricity in the air like I haven't seen since the 2016 big victory that we all had together.
We have to help. We have to stop the crime. We have to stop the bad education. We have to help with housing. We have to solve our inner-city problems and we will. I will fix it. This includes one of the most important rights of all, the right to live in safety. I will work with communities, with police, and with Federal Law Enforcement to make communities safe and secure for all of our people.
And the next congressman from Georgia's 3rd Congressional District, Brian Jack. He's great. Also, a woman, a friend of mine, a great person, former senator, Kelly Loeffler. Thank you, Kelly. She's doing a great job. And Doug Collins, one of my really good friends. Thank you, Doug. A courageous man, state Senator Brandon Beach.
She just didn't want to go out campaigning. It was a good excuse. I mean, when you're doing this -- she's doing it for 30 years, right? More. I always say you've been doing it for so long, if you want to change the tax code, why didn't you do it? You want to fight ISIS, why didn't you do it? I mean, she created ISIS really.
And that's why 33 percent of the people in this country believe the fake news is, in fact -- and I hate to say this -- in fact, the enemy of the people. The left-wing media doesn't want to solve problems. They want to stoke resentment. It has to stop. They believe that progress isn't good for profit or for whatever reason it is they're playing their game.
No, they didn't take the dogs. It's such a horrible thing that happened and in a short period of time. So, you had that, and then you had Russia going into Ukraine. You had President Xi looking very strongly at Taiwan. You know that. He's been looking -- oh, he's been savoring. He's been licking his chops on that one, right? And you had October 7th with Israel -- would have never happened.
Thank you. Thank you. Oh, this is unbelievable. Thank you, sir." But then I see one of the guys the next day on a television show. The -- I think it was called "Deface the Nation." [Laughter] And -- ladies and gentlemen, "Deface the Nation." And he's saying how he's a Democrat and he wants Democrat policies -- which were, by the way, putting everybody in the poorhouse.
Yeah, which I look forward to.
He says that the hardest working people, he loves the Mormons he loves the Mormons. And he's got a very successful business and he's just very, very proud and I have so many friends I've had many. I've had many Mormons work, you know, for me and they give to the church and they constantly give. Sometimes I make the payment directly to the church.
It's a whole mess. We had a great, great leader, Viktor Orban. You know who he is of? Hungary, Viktor Orban. He said there's only one way that this problem is going to be solved. Because the whole world is blowing up. You look at Ukraine, you look at Israel, you look at the whole Middle East, you look at everything.
It's horrible out there. High taxes and regulations, and it's out of control. Mike Pence is a man of honor, character, and honesty. We know that. Hillary Clinton is the embodiment of corruption. She's a corrupt person. What she's done with her e-mails, what she's done with so many things, and I see the ads up all the time, the ads.
Remember, we went like four years and they started asking her. Did you ever speak to anybody? No. We asked the Border Patrol, did you ever speak to the -- the head of the Border Patrol? Did you ever speak to the vice president who was your border czar? No, I never got to speak to her. This was a terrible thing that was going on. This was a con job.
So, he's at home sleeping in one of his many estates and she's in San Francisco, which she destroyed, trying to raise more money, sure to get out and do more interviews. That's what she ought to do, right? And I'm here in Erie, Pennsylvania with the workers, who used to be Democrats, but now they're all Trump Republicans because they know that Trump is going to take them to the promised land.
We challenged the corrupt election. We were right about that, and it's a case that should never have been brought. And they postponed it, and nothing like this has ever happened in the United States before. It's strictly third-world banana republic stuff. That's what it is. But importantly, the public understands this.
It's been the home of some of the greatest American heroes ever to walk the face of the earth. This is the place where George Washington led the patriots of the Continental Army to victory at Yorktown. What a history you have. Virginia was the home of Thomas Jefferson, who wrote those immortal words "All men are created equal." And Virginia gave us James Madison, James Monroe, Lewis and Clark, Booker T. Washington, Ella Fitzgerald, the Bedford boys, who gave their lives on D-Day, and Patrick Henry, who declared "Give me liberty or give me death." Pretty good.
Not only does illegal immigration drain our treasury, but it threatens innocent lives. I recently invited to the White House the granddaughter of a 92-year-old woman who was raped, beaten, brutalized and murdered by an illegal alien who had previously been set free in New York City. Here in Charleston County, an illegal alien was recently charged with sexually assaulting a young girl in the fourth grade.
It came from the labs. They either made a mistake. They have incompetent people too, probably it was incompetence, maybe it wasn't. I hope it was incompetence, but maybe it wasn't, but they're going to pay a big price. But it came from the labs. But we were doing better than ever before and our country was actually coming together and people that would not necessarily be calling me were calling me to say unbelievable job.
I will always remember that. And to my unbound, who are now bound, I think you're bound. You promise you bound everybody? Yes they probably. So thank you very much. This is a great honor and this was a little bit sooner. We were supposed to be watching Hillary Clinton. And guess what? We're watching Hillary Clinton.
And we give billions of dollars to places, and they don't even vote for us at the United Nations. It's unbelievable. They vote against us on things that are very popular. They vote against us. It's called no respect. But they do vote now that I'm President. They have been voting very nicely. Thank you. Unfortunately.
I said, "Uh, so how's it going?" He goes, "Not well. It's really not going well, as you've probably read, it's been a very, very tough period for me, son." And I said, "So what happened? it's just, anything you can do?" He goes, "No, there's not a thing I can do." He said, I'll never forget, he said, "I've lost my momentum, I just didn't have it. I used to have it but I lost my momentum." So it's a story I tell, and you have to know when you have the momentum, but sometimes you have to also know when you've lost the momentum and leaving a field, sometimes leaving what you're doing sometimes is okay, but you gotta have momentum, but you have to know if that momentum's gone, you have to know when to say it's time to get out.
When they took over, they took the military, and then all hell broke loose. These people are grossly incompetent. And now, we have them in charge of potentially World War III. And World War III is going to be like no other if it happens because of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction like nobody's ever seen before.
They don't like to say Antifa. You know. They don't like to say Antifa. They like to blame everything on the right. This is the left. They like to blame everything on the right. But the Antifa people, okay, so they wanted to do it, but when they saw this group of people, they said, you know what, let's take a pass.
He's destroying our country. And our great silent majority, including the once forgotten men and women of our country, will be the ones shaping America's magnificent future when I am the 47th president of the United States of America. Because we are all Americans, and together, we will show November 5th to be the most important day in the history of America.
But they had already gone out and they impeached me over nothing. They impeached me over something where I was right because I talked about corruption in Ukraine. We actually have a treaty where you're supposed to be keeping that whole thing honest because it is a very corrupt country. It's got a lot of problems.
You're very average compared to your neighboring states. You're right in the middle, which is fine. But I thought it was like this great thing. So he had this false still going. And I said, look, he just said bad things. Thank goodness. So I got all the information. I started reading it. He went from number one to out of the race.
A Trump administration will renegotiate NAFTA, and if we don't get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers. We have to have jobs... [Applause]
A great gentleman who's a real leader, state Senate majority leader, Joe Pittman. Joe? [Applause] Whoa. Whoa. Hey, you're popular, Joe. What a family you have, too. What a great family. Thank you very much, Joe. Mayor of Slippery Rock, JD Longo. Thank you, JD. Great job. Thank you. Great job. And a friend of mine who's a warrior and a very strong guy, a tough guy.
I can't believe it. [Inaudible]
And now, I understand that as of like yesterday, they're trying to get rid of -- they call it choice. We have a choice of going outside, getting a doctor. And I understand that they're trying to end that program. They don't like that program -- that this group of people that have no idea what they're doing don't like it.
We charge them a tariff of two and a half percent and by the way -- and they don't pay it, so we get two and a half percent and they get 25% other than that. It's a very fair deal. Does that sound fair to you? It's very fair to I say, where the hell have our people been and honestly, I don't think they cared. I just don't think they cared, and it's nasty.
These Democratic policies -- the policies of Hillary Clinton -- have produced only poverty, joblessness, failing schools, broken homes, and rising crime.
They don't want to put the word out. And even me, I make a speech like this, they'll turn off -- Look, I bet that the cameras turned off because they don't want it. Nobody even me. I'm the big cynic of the world. I never thought this was possible. His so-called Biden Center at the University of Pennsylvania has already received $70 million from China, 70 million.
And we respect them. Most Americans really respect them. Yeah. You know, we have MS-13 coming in. These are the toughest people you've ever seen, but they're not as tough as ICE. And ICE runs into their nests. You know, they call them a "nest." This is -- these are people that don't even like guns because they're not painful enough.
Now Obama gets off the plane. Here's what I do. Pilot, boom go back to Washington.
We're going to bring back your jobs that have been taken from you, that have been shipped all over the world, that have been shipped to Mexico. We are going to bring back your jobs and we are not going to allow these companies to go to Mexico and other countries and take your jobs with them. [Applause]
You know, in Canada, where they have a better version than what she's talking about, when people with some money want an operation, they come into the United States to get it. It's slow, it doesn't work, doesn't work anywhere. We have concepts that are so good. In fact, concepts that are so good that they'll only get better, so much less money. So we have to repeal and replace Obamacare." It's killing the country and it's killing the people that have to pay for it [Inaudible]. [Applause]""ou know
We have to be. We have to be. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. We will fight for America like no one has ever fought before. 2024 is our final battle with you at my side, Black Americans. Again, nobody has ever seen poll numbers like this.
No, I didn't. Now you can hear the crowd. No, I didn't. Now you can hear the crowd, no, I didn't. Now you can hear the size like last night you heard the size size like last night you heard the size size like last night you heard the size right many, many more than the President, right, many, many more than the President, right, many, many more than the President and Hillary got, but so so people would and Hillary got, but so so people would and Hillary got, but so so people would say, well, I hear it say, well, I hear it say, well, I hear it.
And that's the end. And now, over to you. And then Bernie Sanders rally. So they didn't mention 17,000 people, right, or 18 -- whatever it was on. A lot. Now they go to Bernie's. We're at the Bernie Sanders rally. It's a massive crowd -- they have to have at least 3,000 people. It's unbelievable. Look at all the people.
He was called the Phantom of Death. So, they got him. And we got Brittney. And that was a tough trade. That was a tough trade. But at least she's standing now for the National Anthem, I think. But she didn't stand too much. She always wanted to tie her sneakers during the National Anthem. I didn't like that.
So now what's happening is this, this is called political speak, which I hate -- I hate I had to sign an application the other day I had it said profession and I said I can't put down the word politician. So I said real estate, I just said, hey, you know, but so we have a situation now which is interesting because Rubio was mentored by Bush, right? We heard that. And everybody, you know, six months ago they said Rubio will never ever run. He won't do it.
So that was right. Then I said the second thing so I said, it's obsolete
Now, I'm supposed to be a very smart person. Number one, I wouldn't do it anyway, but I sure as hell wouldn't do it with many people on the line. But here's what happened. So, this only came up much later. We talked, they talked, we talked. I talked about how I thought the election was rigged, how I thought it was terrible, and everything else.
A man that I'm very proud of. I've known him and Emil for a long time under tremendous pressure. I saw these guys under some of the most corrupt judges I've -- it's not even imaginable how corrupt they were. And these guys never wilted, they never -- they were not shy, they fought, they weren't afraid, and they were brilliant.
Nobody knew why. Sitting in warehouses, getting older and dustier. And I -- probably, we pay a lot of rent to a lot of landlords all over the country. So someday, I said, you'll explain. Actually, I do know why: Because they didn't want to make you look so tough. They didn't want to make you look like you're a threat.
Am I allowed to give myself a Congressional Medal of Honor for being so brave to sit up there and watch us land in the middle of a desert with no runway? And then it goes "400, 300, 200." Boom, we land. You hardly had a light. Little tiny lights because it's like a war zone. After 21 years, it was still a war zone and we landed.
I said, did you learn it as a child? No, no. I just learned it over the last four or five months. I said, you learned Japanese -- maybe the single hardest language to learn. It's actually breathing rather than -- it's breathing. I'm not going to imitate it because we'll end up with a big story and I don't want that.
It's happening. We had many of them. Yesterday, we had this incredible event. We had many of the parents of victims at the event. We had one or two that spoke -- two that spoke. I mean, it's impossible almost for them. Their lives are destroyed, just so you understand. Their daughters were killed. Their lives are destroyed.
No, they're actually friends, enthusiastic friends. Then earlier this week, we had a spectacular victory in New Hampshire. We shattered the all-time record for the number of votes cast from either party. It has never happened in the entire history of the New Hampshire primary. We got the most votes ever gotten by anybody.
The historic Abraham Accords, bringing peace to the Middle East, Jerusalem, the capital of Israel, and so much more. Now we have the January 6th Unselect Committee of Political hacks and thugs. [Audience boos]
And I can promise you this. I can promise you this. If I get elected president, we will indeed make America great again, that I can tell you. That I can tell you. [Applause]
Well, it's an honor to address you tonight and thank each and every one of you for your role in helping to build, sustain and grow a truly strong Republican Party again. In this effort we will be working hand-in-hand with our House leadership team. I've really got to know them and they are winners and they are terrific people. Terrific people. [Applause]
And the ones that aren't will be. And crime is down all over the world where they've done this. They've taken their criminals in Caracas, in Venezuela, all their street crime criminals, the ones that knocked the crap out of people, the ones that robbed the purses and robbed the stores, and they moved them here.
Whenever I say silence of the lamb, the fake news back there, they say, "Oh, he's talking about -- he's talking about silence of the lamb." And I say, the late, great Hannibal Lecter. "Oh, he likes Hannibal Lecter." No, they're crazy. When I imitate Joe Biden can't get off the stage, I walk into a wall purposely, I look at that wall, "Oh, that's -- that's perfect." Sometimes, they don't have a wall.
They'll just say, "Let's see. Let's tell them it's about 40 to 30. And let's say that 30% are undecided," and they won't have left their office. And so, this way I get an accurate poll. That's a very accurate poll. That's more accurate than some pollsters that I get. Although like pollsters right now, because we're leading in all the polls.
The military families of North Carolina are a national treasure. And it will be the duty of my administration to ensure that we protect those who protect us. [Applause]
We will restore patriotic education to our schools, and we will teach our children to love their country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. In conclusion, our MAGA movement, Make America Great again -- you understand that, Biden? Make America Great Again. That's a good thing, not a bad thing.
But David calls me back and he goes, "Sir" -- he always used to call me "Donald." Now he can't help but call me "President." I said, "David, call me 'Donald.'" "Yes, yes, Mr. President. I can't do it, sir." That's respect for the office, right? Maybe it's respect for me. But I've known him a long time. He goes, "Mr. President, I don't feel -- " -- I have many friends like that.
Look, I'm all for it. We have a big weekend distance on the weekend and all of that stuff and wear are your mask when you were close together in particular and wash your hands all of those things. We have Labor Day weekend coming up but did you ever see a man that likes a mask as much as him? And then he makes a speech and he always has it not always but a lot of times he has it hanging down because you know what, it gives him a feeling of security.
Great job, man. Man, could he fight. He was a natural. He had the greatest -- he had hips a little bit smaller than mine. He had shoulders a little bit larger than mine. See, he went in the right proportion. That's the way it's supposed to be, right? Thank you, Tommy. They love him in Detroit, right? They love him in Detroit.
It's never been anything like this. A Trump administration will stop the jobs from leaving America and we will stop the jobs from leaving New Hampshire. Believe me, we will stop those jobs. If a company wants to fire their workers, leave New Hampshire and move to another country, and then ship their products back into the United States through what will soon be a very, very strong and powerful border, we will make them pay a 35% tax on those products.
And they're really very tough ads they're hard hitting ads, and I think they're having a big impact. You'll see. Over time, you'll see. But we still have much work to do. But as a result of these efforts, last year, we saw the first nationwide decline in drug overdose deaths in 31 years. It's pretty amazing.
Thank you very much. But he's a big Paul Ryan fan. Paul Ryan was a disaster as speaker. You know, when Nancy Pelosi was there, she had subpoenas stacked up on both sides of her desk, and any congressman could walk in and just take one. With Paul Ryan, he had no subpoenas. Congressman, I go in and beg them.
But we had one and the speaker said to me, you know, we're one heart attack away from losing the majority. We don't want to be there. And I think the results of what we're doing together will give us a tremendous midterm. We're going to work together very hard. We're going to make all those robocalls for you and we're going to pick it up and we're going to really -- we're going to increase, I think we should increase by a lot.
They become real estate developers, how nice. No, they're taking over real estate, and they have weapons that even our military hasn't seen. Who's giving them these weapons? But Aurora is a mess. The governor is a mess. You know, the governor is a Democrat and he's a radical left Democrat, and he's not too popular right now because they're going to take over a lot more than Aurora.
They have tremendous people in Lebanon, doctors, lawyers, great professional people. I hear it so many times. Likewise in Syria, which has seen so much misery and death, there is a new government that will hopefully succeed in stabilizing the country and keeping peace. That's what we want to see in Syria.
Because right now, you have principals in there that hate parents. I mean, I watched this happening. You have principals that absolutely are violent. They hate the parents. They don't want to let the parents even talk to them about the education of their child. If any principal is not getting the job done, the parents should be able to vote to fire them and select someone that they like, but that will ultimately be up to the states.
Well, it's great to be here, and I -- I just got to say, as I've traveled across the country for these last few weeks now, now that I've been a politician for 12, maybe 13 days, it's incredible to see the outpouring, the warmth, and we're just excited. I mean, I really love what my father's doing here. He really loves this country.
I could tell you if I weren't doing this where I would have been, I would have been in a very nice location. But I didn't need this. But I'm so happy I did. A lot of people say, president, could I ask you if you had it because they see the way I'm being persecuted by these animals? They said, president, if you had it to do again, successful people ask me this question all the time.
So it is a divided nation and we're gonna bring our nation together. When Americans are unified, there is nothing we cannot do. No task too great, no dream too large. No goal beyond our reach. My message today is number one: Get out to vote tomorrow for John Kennedy. That's number one and our great soon to be Congressman.
Thank you
I will do the right thing--I want to straighten things out and to Make America Great Again.
And you don't care about it. But I care about it. So here's the story. You're going to give it to us, right?" "No I'm not." I said, "Yes, you are. And here's why you're going to. Because on Monday morning at 9 o'clock, I'm putting a 25% tariff and tax on all of your goods, including all the car industry that you took away over the last 30 years from the United States.
You brought out like a million people that nobody ever knew were coming out, right? Because there was no way, but you can do whatever you want. You know that. You're going to be successful, whatever you want to do. Thank you very much God for being here. So, before the virus came in from China, unemployment in Wisconsin had reached the lowest rate ever recorded.
They're evil people. Was it worth it? I said, absolutely, I would do it again in a heartbeat because we've -- and honestly, with guys like your two great congressmen and others that are in the room that are so incredible, we're turning the country around, we're going to turn it around. And what we have done during this period is we've revealed how corrupt this group of people is. How bad their policies are, how badly they work.
Is she here? I think she is. Yes, she is. She saw me outside. She said, "I write you a note a day," a note a day, think of that, "and I pray for you every day." She said, "You get the notes?" I said, "Yeah." But thank you very much. I really appreciate it. We're also pleased to be joined by a star in the party, a man who is respected by everybody in Washington.
And guys that do this professionally all their lives, they've never made that. The whole thing, the whole thing is a scandal. The whole thing is corrupt. It's corrupt. And it has been. You look at the foundation. You look at everything. It's been so bad for so long. We can't do that. We can't get involved in that stuff anymore.
We don't use Komatsu. We'll use, ideally we're using Caterpillar. So we're going to build -- we're going to have a great border. We're going to have a real border and people can come into the country but they have to come in legally. They have to go through the process. They have to come in legally and that border is very important.
I mean, I talked -- I respected the office more so than him, not with him. But when I got indicted four times and I have civil trials, a DA in New York, a totally corrupt -- a totally corrupt -- [Audience boos]
Boy, oh, boy, what they cost the world. $60 trillion, they say, what they cost the world, and that's the least of it. All the deaths, everybody in this room knows probably many people that died. It came in from China. Finally, we have to end the travesty on our southern border once and for all. We handed Biden the most secure border in history, and he turned it into the greatest border disaster in history very quickly.
That's a six solid group. Then I went up to 12. Well, you know that's a solid group. Then I went to 24. And he said -- and don't forget that's with 17 people. We had 17 people. That's a lot. Twenty four with 17 people's pretty good. So we went up to 24, and they said, wow, that's the max. That can't be anymore.
We are the campaign that will deliver a government of, by and for the people. This change agenda includes a new foreign and new military policy. We are going to put the failed policy of the past, and there are many, behind us. Ideally, way behind us.
Then we had Japan, where we pay more than 50% the cost of their defense. And we've got the maniac pretty close to them, you know, North Korea. And we pay for South Korea. 28,000 soldiers on the line. We pay and we pay for all these countries, right? And I'll never forget. I'm talking about Japan. I love Japan.
Give me a break, OK? I mean, what is this? I mean, are we supposed to have laws or are we supposed to be playing games? But anyway, let him run, he's not going to win anyway. Who cares. But look, look -- [Applause] So they asked lying Ted, they said -- they didn't call him lying Ted. There's a -- Mr. Senator.
In the latest Emerson poll, general election, I'm up 9 points here in Ohio, and another poll I'm up 14 points, and in another one, we're up 17 points. I only read polls when they're good, by the way. Nationwide, we're leading in every single swing state against Biden in the largest margins ever. You know what's interesting?
I can't stand it anymore and I'm going to say, I don't care. And you know where we're really going to win? This is for the people of Phoenix, for the people of Arizona. We're really going to win at our border. We are going to win at our border and we're going to build the wall. And ladies and gentlemen, I love you.
And he broke the record by not one-eighth of a second but by 38 seconds. I think that's a record that should hold for a long time in women's sports. He broke the record. They couldn't even cover him with the camera. He was going so fast, they got mixed up. They say, "He can't really be two laps ahead, can he?" He is. He's two laps ahead.
[End Video] Thank you very much. There's a lot of truth to that, isn't there? This election is a choice between a Biden depression, which is what will happen, or a Trump boom, there's gonna be a boom. It's a choice between a deadly Biden lockdown, and by the way governor open up the state of Pennsylvania.
Nah, they said it with Utah. Remember, they said, "The guy came in. He came, this character. Nobody had ever heard of him. He was supposed to be great." And they kept talking about him, and then I won by, what? 22 points or so. In fact, fact, crazy Hillary, crooked Hillary, uh, came -- here we go. Watch.
But I hope you're going to do something with it because I think it's a serious thing. But it's the same as everything else. And I'm so glad that we decided to do this. It's a little dangerous to do. I hate to tell you, you guys are in danger with the kind of weaponry that we have, but I felt it was important to do. And this kind of stuff that they put up to shield us, I'm going to make you feel not so good.
Failing schools can become flourishing schools. Crumbling roads and bridges can become gleaming new infrastructure. Inner-cities can experience a flood of new jobs and investment. And rising crime can give way to safe and prosperous communities. All of these things and so much more are possible. We have such potential in this country.
The violent mayhem we have seen in the streets of cities that are run by liberal Democrats, in every case, is the predictable result of years of extreme indoctrination and bias in education, journalism, and other cultural institutions.
Of any people, those are the five that they wanted. And now they're back on the battlefield, or will, trying to kill everybody. By the way, excuse me, including us. And they're back in the battlefield. And what do we have? Bergdahl. And he's in court. And it always seems to get easier and easier for him because you know, they're saying, well, I mean, I don't know if that's going to happen because maybe we'll shame the courts.
And then about a week and a half ago I started saying, it's not. They made an even greater deal than that. We gave them Iraq. Think of it, the second largest oil reserves in the world. We gave them Iraq. So they got the deal. They're loaded up with cash. They have $150 billion, billion, billion, billion with a B dollars.
A lot of states wanted that contract, I gave it to you, and I came to Marinette about three months ago and they do a great job, but a lot of people wanted that, a lot of states wanted it and it's OK. I'm going to lose those states, but that's all right. Just remember that Wisconsin, but we gave it -- it's a lot of jobs.
Sat right next to my daughter, Ivanka. And great. Really great. The construction business is where Tony is employed and working to help 200 people rise out of homelessness every year by investing in the Opportunity Zones. And now they're coming to North Carolina to build housing for veterans in an Opportunity Zone right here in Charlotte.
taking tremendous auto business you look at Ford you look at these other car
He didn't yield, one point throughout the whole thing and he ended up beating in the Olympic finals for the gold medal. He beat the great Russian wrestler, didn't get a point. He went through the whole thing, nobody got a point, and I'm looking at him and I'm saying to myself, I'm telling you I could take him, but I better not try it.
It hit a record. Eighty six times. And we're going to keep it going. And then you look at all of the money you folks are making. Oh, I wish I could take 10 or 15 percent. But I think you are not going to do that. But it's getting bigger and bigger. Your pensions are getting bigger and bigger. Your pension funds, all of those things are happening. And wait until you see what we're doing. Tax cuts.
We will stop Biden's inflation nightmare. And I will reverse every one of Biden's globalist economic betrays, and once again, we will put America first and we'll put it first like never before. To protect South Carolina workers and manufacturers, I will pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act, which I have one vote right here already.
Crooked Hillary is doing no more public events until after the debate. They say she's doing debate prep but, really she's just resting, she's resting.
Tolerance for illegal immigration is not compassionate -- it is cruel. 1 in 3 women is sexually assaulted on the long journey north. Smugglers use migrant children as human pawns to exploit our laws and gain access to our country. Human traffickers and sex traffickers take advantage of the wide open areas between our ports of entry to smuggle thousands of young girls and women into the United States and to sell them into prostitution and modern-day slavery.
We bought so much. We filled that thing, and nobody ever saw anything like it. And for the election, he wanted to see if he could -- had very little impact in terms of -- because, believe it or not, the energy capacity of our country is so big that even that which is probably the largest storage areas in the world.
Oh, how did he get to Iraq? He hasn't built anything. How'd he get to Iraq to build big developments in Iraq? His brother. He makes Hilary Clinton, I call her Crooked Hilary as you possibly have heard, look like amateur hour. I also authorized millions of d -- I don't think they like me too much, what d -- I also authorized millions of dollars to save Michigan's incredible, beautiful, vital but falling apart Soo Locks and fought over, and I had to fight like hell with the democrats to get it done and we got 900 million dollars for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, all done, it's all done.
I'm now including this one, by the way, if that's okay. They may say, "Well, that was quick." 'Cause yesterday, I was saying seven, but now I can say eight. The hostages are back. The hostages are back. It is a good feeling. Isn't that nice to say? You know, I just said the hostages -- First time I said the hostages are back, it sounds, it feels so good to say it. But when you settle eight wars in eight months, that means you don't like war.
What are we going to lose this state? Why do we lose this state? And we didn't. And we didn't. That was a great evening. One of the greatest nights in the history of our country, but one, far less importantly, one of the greatest nights in the history of television. They did very well. They're doing very well on our backs.
But we are gonna have and we are gonna attract so much business. We right now have a trade deficit with Mexico of $58 billion a year not including all of the drugs that pour across the border and poison our youth that we're gonna stop when we let our great border patrol people go to work. And when we build the wall, we're gonna stop the drugs from coming to Buffalo and coming to our country and destroying our youth.
And that was a small congressional election. They had an election in New Jersey, a ballot election, before the presidential election and to this day they have no idea what the hell happened. But you take California, I think we did much better in California. And then they all say that you lose by, automatically, by millions of votes.
That's not gonna happen anymore. You won't be able -- the numbers will be too great. Already the Republican nominee has a massive, a massive disadvantage and especially when you have the leaders not putting their weight behind the people. They're not putting their weight behind the people. Instead of calling me and saying, congratulations, you did a great job.
We had some very inappropriate shows to put it -- I think to put it very nicely. They had dance parties for, quote, queer and trans youth. And I guess that's all right for certain people. Quote -- I'm just quoting, I'm not saying it -- queer and trans youth. That wasn't working out too well. They had a Marxist anti-police performance, and they had lesbian only Shakespeare, which is different.
But Elon Musk said to me -- I hope I'm allowed to say this. I think I am because, one thing, he's out there. He's a guy -- he just wants the truth. He's an incredible guy. And he said computers aren't meant for this kind of stuff. He said there's only one thing you can do. He's the most sophisticated guy in the world when it comes to computerization.
To help critically ill patients get life-saving treatment, we passed something that they've been trying to pass for 46 years. It's called right to try. You all know what it is. Hopefully, nobody has to use it. I don't want you to use it. I hope you don't have to use it, but we have the finest doctors and research and medicines in the world.
It -- They stopped it at the Wuhan Provence. They stopped it. But, it came to us and it came to Europe and it went to their -- 188 countries are suffering. I mean, look at -- look at what China -- Just think of it. Look at what China has done to the world. Look at you with the masks and everything else. Look at what Ch -- Today you should wear 'em anyway, probably.
This Korea stands strong and tall among the great community of independent, confident, and peace-loving nations. We are nations that respect our citizens, cherish our liberty, treasure our sovereignty, and control our own destiny. We affirm the dignity of every person and embrace the full potential of every soul. And we are always prepared to defend the vital interests of our people against the cruel ambition of tyrants.
Mexico's going to pay for the wall. They're going to pay. Remember, remember I said they're going to pay for the wall. The politicians come up to me on the dais, a couple of them. Nice people. I get along actually with most of them and they say Mexico won't pay for the wall. I said Of course they will. Every business person in here knows what I'm talking about because they make so much money off the United States.
A vote for Claire is a vote for more taxes, more crime, and more illegal immigration. Very simple. And just to finish up, you vote for Josh, you're going to reduce your taxes, you're going to substantially reduce crime. We're doing great, anyway, considering we have the worst immigration laws in the history of the world, the dumbest laws, laws that make no sense on illegal immigration.
No, they interview more Democrats than Republicans. In other words, they take the poll and they interview Democrats, they poll Democrats. And then they say -- they try and depress it as much -- just like they write bad stories. 97 percent of the stories written about me, think of it, were negative and yet we won in a landslide because they have no credibility.
You won't hear about it. I never read about it. I keep saying we authorized from 10,000 to 20,000, and it's in the Obama, from previous, the Obama inspector general's report, and they turned it down. And they don't want to talk about -- the unselect committee, doesn't want to talk about it.
I mean, it's not a pretty sight. And they make those chairs. They're actually miracles. They weigh like three ounces. They're meant for a child to carry. A child, or a very old person to carry. Very, very old, I mean really old. And they weigh like ounces, right? He can't lift it. Remember what he said? "I'd like to take him to the back of the barn." And I'd show up, I think I could go like this, and he'd go down.
We love you. We just got there in time. You saw the ropes going up? We got there just -- and I'll tell you, law enforcement did a great job. They rushed them. They rushed them. [Applause] And these people fought back, and the law enforcement was much tougher, much sharper, much better. They really had no trouble handling them. It was like handling a baby for them. It was just like a baby. [Laughter] A lot of spoiled people in that group, you know. A lot of spoiled -- a lot of spoiled rich people saying, "What are you doing here?"
Terrible. And I said to them, I said, "That's the worst. That's 99 percent of our effort. But just out of curiosity --" We have a -- you know, an election going on, a big one. I think the most important election in the history of our country. I said, "So, just out of curiosity, are they going to be able to vote in North Carolina?" They just got hit so hard.
We have the vaccines coming and all, but even without, we're rounding the turn. People are pandemiced out, you know that? They're pandemiced out. That's why it's so great what your governor's done. He's opened up your state, you're doing great. We pioneered life s -- And by the way, you get it, you know, like I say, here I am.
Did you see that? A pat on the back. Darling I love you and pulls it back and she was a little bit concerned there. But he was angry. And then a second time they showed him and he was angry. And you know what, honestly, he made a big mistake because we have the best movement of all. We have far more people than anybody.
Great job, men. Thank you. Senator Scott is a leading superstar. He's a superstar. But he is a leader in lowering health care costs, like nobody has done it. You know, people don't know, but in the last year prescription drug prices came down for the first time in 51 years, and that was with no Democrat help.
You'd love to be his kid, wouldn't you? But I also took the strongest-ever action to confront China's massive theft of American jobs, and our strategy worked. Last month, we signed a groundbreaking trade agreement with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property and boost American exports.
She's giving him all the credit. She said -- she said darling, I love you so much and he said yes, I'm a great financial wizard. [Laughter] But he said you're looking -- you're just making me look so good, and all of you -- who has 401Ks here? I guarantee you one thing, I have your vote. I guarantee it. [Laughter] Of course, if the fake news did a poll, they're called suppression polls. [Booing]
What a job you're doing. [Applause] Thank you, Jason. Good job. Good victory we had, too, huh? Had a big victory on the voting. That was at the Supreme Court. That was a good victory. Wow. Also members of Congress, friends of mine, warriors who are always fighting and winning. We win a lot in Congress.
We wouldn't even be talking about this as an issue. And I think in a certain way, it's just one of the truly big issues. We're going to make our border very powerful, very strong. We're going to stop drugs from coming in. We're going to stop this whole thing with human trafficking, which is a big part of your question.
But instead of -- it's not just the tax, he said, the paperwork is unbelievable to get the money back in. It can be solved so easy. I mean, literally it can be solved in one day, and we'll get that money back in, OK? Yeah, Al, go ahead.
Remember what I said, they are looking at us all over the world. When chancellor Merkel came in to see me, she said, Congratulations, Mr. President. What you have done is incredible with your economy. When President of France came in to see me, President Macron, wondering guy -- Emmanuel, we like shaking each other's hand. Now, he's a great guy and she's terrific. But you know what? She is for Germany. He is for France. I'm for the USA, okay? Does that make sense?
We have one ultimate check on Hillary's corruption, and that is the power of voting. The only way to beat the corruption is to show up and vote by the tens of millions, including millions of people voting for the first time in their entire lives.
It's true. You don't want to have wars. I ended wars. I could have been in a mess like you have right now. You have every place, the whole world is blowing up. Yes, World War III if something doesn't happen fast. And that's going to be a world war like no others because of nuclear power and other power that's out there.
We need safety. She opposes school choice and wants to trap poor African American and Latino children in failing government schools because she wants the money from the teacher's union to keep pouring in. That's all it is.
Last night Biden pledged to institute the most horrible and dangerous immigration policy ever in this country, catch and release. He wants to bring it back. Took me two years to get rid of it. That's where you catch a criminal, could be a rapist, could be a murderer, a real criminal, and you just release the criminal and say, "Please come back in four years." Did you see what he said last night?
When you have something like that, where there will be no asking, it's not a question of having voter ID. It's a question not even allowed to ask. And if you ask, it's a crime that's only because of the fact that they want to cheat on elections. And we can be nice, and we can be politically incorrect, but the only thing they're going to do there is cheat on elections.
You know their cupboards were empty, that was their fault. I guess, you know, but let's say it was their fault, but we had to help them and we did. We built hospitals to some of them. We built everything. We did a great job, but they would say thank you very much great job, great job, great job, every one of them.
Will be forgotten no longer, you. You haven't been forgotten. With your help, your love, and your vote, we will put America first, and we will very simply make America great again. Thank you, New Hampshire. God bless you all. It's been a great honor to be with you. Thank you very much, everybody.
So, just remember, it started before me. Yesterday were, like, the worst numbers I've ever heard -- I've ever heard. It was announced that Kamala's economy added only 12,000 jobs last month. You know, usually, it's 200,000 [Audience boos] 250,000, 390,000. I mean, 12,000. That's like -- that's like Walmart will add 12,000, not this country.
Tens of billions of dollars. I said, they're not fighting, general. I called them back in. They're not fighting because they love us or they love their country. They're fighting because they're the highest paid soldiers in the world. We're basically bribing them to fight. And they didn't fight, but the Taliban did fight same people.
The nation state remains the best model for human happiness and the American nation remains the greatest symbol of liberty, of freedom and justice on the face of god's earth. And now we have spirit like we've never had before. It's now that we have our sacred duty and we have no choice and we want this choice to defend our country, to protect its values and to serve its great, great citizens. Erasing national borders does not make people safer. It undermines democracy and trade prosperity. We're giving it away.
Urban Myra is talking to him. We're talking about your coach/Senate candidate, which hopefully will be soon. And Urban said not only is he a great guy. He's a great coach. He's a great coach. And he's gonna be a fantastic Senator. So that's good. So say hello to him, Alabama. I'm glad I knew about this whole deal in terms of your location.
They were saying $100 billion. They have much more than that, $100 billion. And it came to $4 billion when I said the $6 billion is nothing. They made the hostage deal $5 billion for $5 billion. I said, well, that's better than they usually do. But the $5 billion for $5 billion -- the Russia person that they got, he is the greatest arms dealer in history.
The whole thing. And you know, all this stuff has to be made in China because that's what they have. We have a thing called gasoline. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any nation in the world including Russia and including Saudi Arabia. I did ANWR in Alaska. The biggest mine in the world. It's probably the size of, probably the size of Saudi Arabia.
And you see how the prices are: They're stable to low. And it means America is no longer reliant on foreign nations. Isn't that nice? And we are also proudly promoting American ethanol. Chuck Grassley calls me. Joni Ernst calls me. Deb Fischer calls me. They all call -- everybody. Pat calls me. Ethanol.
This is Iran, and they countered. I said, "If you counter, you're going to be in deep trouble. If you counter, you better not counter." And they called us and they said, "Listen, we're going to aim at a fort, a military base, but we're not going to hit it. These are very accurate missiles." They have actually very accurate missiles.
Nobody gets it. Why? They're opposed to strong military. They're opposed to all of the things we've done, including making our nation wealthy, including high GDPs, including all of the security and all of the law enforcement, all of the things we're doing. It's incredible. Nobody understands it. Someday, we're going to figure it out, and I'll feel much better about it. But why are they opposed to things that truly make our country great?
We have to make great deals now. We can't continue to go on like this. We can't lose $505 billion a year to China on trade deficits. You can't do it. You can't do it. We can't lose hundreds of billions of dollars to Japan. They send our cars. These cars are pouring in. I went to Los Angeles recently. I saw ships, the biggest ships I've ever seen.
... in the old days I would have never -- I just would have said, "Oh, I don't want to. It's too hokey." But it's true. Some of the men can tell me, too. Right? Some of the men.
We have tremendous support of the people. These rallies, look at this rally, these rallies. These rallies are incredible. And I will tell you, Sean, I think these rallies -- I think there's more spirit this year than there was four years ago and we had a record, right? There's more enthusiasm. I think it's the biggest enthusiasm gap ever polled.
We visited both factories. Unbelievable guys. And they said, sir, we have one problem. They're forcing us to go electric for the boat. I said, how's it going to work? The boat will not float, sir. [Laughter] It's so heavy and it won't go fast and lots of other. And I did ask him a question because I have a lot of background.
And then we were interrupted. We were interrupted. It's called Make America Great Again, Again. A vote for Joe Biden, Sleepy Joe -- [Audience boos]  -- is a vote for the biggest tax hike in history. I've never seen this before. A man who's campaigning on the fact that he's going to raise your taxes, I haven't seen. [Audience chants "Lock him up"] They're going crush regulations, it will be crushing.
All made in the USA. A lot of it made right here in your great state, a lot of it. And we now have the greatest equipment anywhere in the world, fighter jets, F35's. We have the best tanks. We have the best rockets and missiles. We have the hydrosonic missile that goes seven times faster right now, than the fastest missile in the world.
They can't count votes but they're saying they may not be able to do it again. They're still trying to tell us, I called up yesterday, how are they doing in Iowa? Was that two weeks ago? They said we're getting close. Can I get it close? I'll, never know, they'll never know, but, I hear the same thing could happen, but I hope it doesn't actually, I hope it doesn't. But I'm delighted to be back in a state I love.
She wants to get rid of gas-powered cars and replace them with all electric. They don't go far. They cost too much. They're all made in China. Other than that, they're fantastic. And I'm for electric cars. I have to be, you know, because Elon endorsed me very strongly, Elon. So, I have no choice. But he knows.
I want to tell you. They're a little bit -- a little bit for laughter. But, you know, it's only for laughter. The fake news will say, "Oh, he exaggerated. It was only one month." You know. But they'll say, "He'll call you back." And then he'd never call. And then they could never get him on the phone. And the problem I have is that when I speak to them, and I speak to them immediately, they'll say, "Could we speak to the president?
Whatever Hillary's donors want, they get. They own her. On November 8th, we're going to end Clinton corruption. Hillary Clinton, dishonest person, is an insider fighting for herself and for her friends. I'm an outsider fighting for you. And by the way, just in case you're not aware, I used to be an insider, but I thought this was the right thing to do. This is the right thing to do, believe me. For decades, we've talked about the corruption, incompetence and failures of our leaders.
So let's take a poll, just -- we'll go Biden first. Scream like hell if you think I should run against him. Right? Is that okay? In other words, because we're going to beat him. Who will we beat? So scream like hell. So, Sleepy Joe Biden. All right. This is, would you like me to run against him. Crazy Bernie Sanders.
Thank you fellows. Great. Great guys. Great guys. But think of General Cartwright for doing 3% of what she did. And. Life is destroyed. The State Department was trying to cover up Hillary's crime of sending classified information on a server our enemies could easily access. Now, think of what we just said about a four star general.
Regeneron. Now I don't know whether or not it worked. I like to think it had no impact. I made a statement. I said, "Well, I'm in no trouble because I'm young and I'm in perfect physical shape. I'm a perfect physical specimen." And CNN went crazy. "He's not young and he's not in perfect -- !" They can't take a joke.
Very good. Very, very good.
And then we had a surprise but not a surprise to us, because we're bringing back the auto industry, brought so much back to the great state of Michigan, that was a shocker, remember that? You remember a certain hand on that beautiful board, and they said, "You know, this Ford is getting awfully red." That's Republican.
I'll tell you what. If she does win this election because of any -- whether it's cheating or any other way, it's impossible to believe somebody can say let people come into our country. And, I mean, these people that are coming in are rough. The only thing good about they're so dangerous and so bad, they make our criminals look like very nice people.
In a Trump administration, we will negotiate trade deals on behalf of American workers, OK? Not for some other country or some company owned by the special interests and donors that give her money. For the American workers. It's going to be now America first, remember that, and our worker comes first. [Applause]
OK.
Go to Home Depot. He only created about -- hundreds of thousands. How many jobs has Home Depot produced right now, Bernie? How much?
They lie. So anyway, look, all kidding aside, our country is in trouble. We are $19 trillion, nobody even knows what that means. It means so much, you can take top people. Top top people they don't know what it means. And it's just beyond. They just signed the worst budget deal I've ever seen, the worst.
I've seen her well. I've studied her. Now, I have to study her because, unfortunately, by winning the debate so decisively, he got out. A friend of mine said, "You did a horrible job." What? He said, "Well, actually, you did so well that there's no way he's going to be able to survive that shellacking." And I said -- you know, I called him up last week.
And the cameras went wild. Click, click, click, click, click. And we won the state by a lot. So I don't know. So I owe -- I have to find that waitress and thank her. She was my consultant. Except I didn't pay her $2 million like the other consultants that we all get screwed by. Even worse than the tariffs, other countries impose are the non-monetary barriers.
What are those things that are moving in and moving out? People have to have confidence in elections. People have to have confidence. The problem is we have a lot of people without courage. That includes judges. We have judges that looked, and they said, "Oh, boy. I'm not turning this over." They didn't have courage.
A lot of times if they question something I'm doing they'll say, well, but he picked Mike Pence. I mean, how can you do better than that? Mike Pence is great. But you know what, she has Trump signs in her lawn then I called her. And I said, hi and I just wanted to thank you for the signs on your lawns. She said, I have them on my car too.
That's another word they don't want you to say, God. You know that, right? Did you see they were doing something last night that was extremely basic, and always has had the word God in it, and they decided to take the word God out. But this is where they're coming from. They're coming to get you. This is where they're coming from.
That promise of protection must include taking care of every last veteran, which was going to be the sole topic of today's speech, prior to the horrible attack in Dallas.
And I wouldn't be surprised if some of the nonsense that we all have to go through, but that I go through -- wouldn't be surprised if it was from these -- some of these industries like pharmaceuticals that we take on because I want -- I don't care. I did great. I've had a great life. I want to get drug prices down.
We will become so great. We will start winning again. We don't win anymore. We don't win a war. We can't beat ISIS. We don't win with our great veterans. We can't take care of them. We don't know how. It's a corrupt system, the whole VA is corrupt. We're going to take care of our veterans. We're going to win with trade so big.
But the fake news and the stupid people at The Wall Street Journal editorial board, they said the other day, "Well, they really want to run against Trump." Look, they said that in 2016, and we won. They said that in 2020, and we did much better than anybody. We got the most votes of any sitting president in history, many millions of votes more than we got in 2016. We did much better. 2016 was good, but we did much better in 2020. The last person they want to run.
And for that reason... [Applause] ... I totally cut off negotiations. I will not do our great, what is it? TPP? Yes? You guys weren't listening about it huh? [Laughter] But for that reason -- and that too.
It's just a terrible thing. I mean, you know this is a guy, I used to call him 1% Joe because he ran numerous times that he could only get 1%. In fact, he actually had 1% with an arrow pointing left. That means less number. Now he's shot, he's like got half of his head left, and he's out -- think of it. He's totally shot and he ends up getting the nomination.
We called it, in fact, remain in Mexico. You don't come here, get released, and you never see these people again. They don't come back. They say, come back in three years for a court case. Only the really not smart ones. I want to be nice. Only the really not smart ones come back, which is about 1%. We reduced drugs pouring across our border by the highest percentage ever history of our country.
Under the last administration our nation has suffered greatly, but we are going to bring it back and make it greater, bigger, stronger, better than ever before. I want to thank everybody for being with you. I would have been there myself, except the inauguration was two days ago. I thought it might be a little bit quick to make it the first stop, but we'll get there one day, we hope to get there.
In the end, the so-called nation builders wrecked far more nations than they built and the interventionalists were intervening in complex societies that they did not even understand themselves. They told you how to do it, but they had no idea how to do it themselves. Peace, prosperity and progress ultimately came not from a radical rejection of your heritage but rather from embracing your national traditions and embracing that same heritage that you love so dearly And it's something only you could do. You achieved a modern miracle the Arabian way, that's a good way.
Wow. You look like your son.
I hope they were able to come over here, but we were greeted with hundreds and hundreds of people at the airport. There's something happening there's a movement going on, call it silent majority, call it whatever you want, but there is a movement going on. Thank you all very much. [Applause]
I mean, you know, what am I going to do? Even the New York Times, which is totally dishonest, by the way -- here's the good news about the New York Times. They won't be in business much longer. Do you see what they're losing? [Applause]
Within moments of taking the oath of office, I will seal the border, stop the invasion, and send Joe Biden's illegal aliens back home where they belong. They belong back home. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]
Thank you very much.
They thought by keeping these states like Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Michigan. How about her? Her husband roams free. He's the only one in the whole state. No, but they thought that by keeping them down the numbers would, and yet we had a 33.1. That's the highest in the history of our country, by double.
The banks don't want to give you the money. Today, a $2,000 monthly mortgage payment gets you a house worth less than $295,000. Under the Trump administration, the same number would get you a house that today would be worth $460,000. That's a big difference. As long as Crooked Joe Biden is in the White House, the American dream is dead.
That because of the fact it's so close, they had to, by law, give another recount. But the recount has to be a recount where they check the signatures. Otherwise, they're just checking the same dishonest thing. It won't matter. In this case, the signatures on envelopes are the only thing that is relevant.
Can you believe that our country is being run by these people? Can you believe? So, she said she had no regrets, everything great. She'd do the same thing as this guy, right? This really sad, pathetic guy. So, after the surrender of our energy independence, the Afghanistan -- horrible, most embarrassing moment in history.
He had a beautiful scarf waving in the wind. He was everything perfect, right out of Greenwich, Connecticut. And he started talking. And by the time he finished, I said, "You just made a trillion dollars. A trillion." Because the market went up like 250 points. I said, "Larry, what the hell did you say?" And it didn't matter.
Listen, illegal immigrants get $1,261 more welfare than American families. It's $5,692 think of it. Illegal immigrants are getting $5,692 versus $4,000 -- $431. No good. No good. Can't do it. We don't have any money. We're a country that's bust. We can't do it, OK? Now let me just go over a couple of these points because we have to. Are you ready?
[Inaudible]
So the biggest story in politics worldwide. It's all over the world. It's a movement is what's happening with the Republican Party. So here's a start. You know, I've won many, many 15, 16 states. I think we're gonna have a great day tomorrow. Great day. Fact, the one that's closest, looks like you get out and vote.
You see the tremendous lines of people, and they have Trump hats on, make America great again. But they have Trump hats on and they have buttons and they have shirts, and they're on line, and you see NBC, and you see these people... [Booing]
I made so much money, it's crazy. And I made a lot of money, and I -- I understand money, and I don't say that it's -- you know, it's been something that works for me. And other people have other abilities, but I -- you know, I know this stuff. It's sort of easy for me. And our country is in financial trouble.
But a response is required for the sake of all decent voters that she is trying to smear. The news reports are that Hillary Clinton is going to try and accuse this campaign, and all of you, and the millions of decent Americans at record levels. There has never been anything like this. This is a movement we have.
A lot of buildings that I've got through war with China, with China. We could do great against China if we're smart. We can do great. I sell condos. You read about it the other day. I sell condos to people from China for tens of millions of dollars. I love China but their leaders are too smart for our leaders.
Four years ago, you didn't have a problem. Four years ago, you didn't have a problem. Under Kamala, New Mexico has seen millions of people pour across your section of the southern border, including 10,000 convicted criminals and thousands and thousands of illegal alien gang members. Congratulations. You now have those gang members in your presence. [Audience boos]
I love that. How are you doing, Matt? That's nice. That's nice. So in the Times today, and in many other newspapers, they're sort of starting to give up about Trump. If we win Florida, believe me, it's over. If we win, and we're going to win, and you're gonna have a great President, then you're gonna have a great, great country again.
And our goal will be one-day voting with paper ballots, proof of citizenship, and voter ID, very simple, voter ID. But until then, Republicans must win. We have to win. That's why I say, use your heart. Go back to the abortion question. We have to win, but we have to go out. Otherwise, it's going to be a very, very bad, bad period for this country.
We had a poll come out yesterday -- the Washington Post poll with ABC and it showed that I had an 11 point lead. That's faster than scheduled. That's faster than scheduled. I mean, that's the good news.
I don't like that term, but that's the term he used. I would like to say respected him and respected our country, but he didn't say that. He said, "Everybody was afraid of him." He said China was afraid, Russia was afraid. They were all afraid. Kim Jong Un, I got along great with him. And I tried to explain to the fake news media that getting along with people, foreign countries is a good thing, not a bad thing.
I mean we do a lot of it. Dishwashers, we did the dishwasher, right? You press it -- remember the dishwasher, you press it, boom, they'd be like an explosion. Five minutes later, you open it up, the steam pours out the dishes. Now, you press it 12 times. Women tell me again, you know, they give you four drops of water.
Thank you. Thank you very much and it's great to be in Lumberton, and I'll tell you, we have a lot of friends here. They said, "Please stop by." We said, "Let's do a quickie." We're on our way to Wisconsin and Ohio. We have some rallies, but we wanted to stop. I have a lot of friends in this group, so thank you very much.
Who on earth can want open borders where people are allowed to pour in from countries unknown, from places unknown? From languages that we don't even -- that we haven't even heard of. We have people sitting in schools with languages where very few people have ever even heard of these languages. It's not like Spanish or French or Russian.
That's all that was. And it's a case that should have never been brought, should have never been brought, but nothing like that has ever really happened in the United States that we know of at least. And it's strictly third-world banana republic stuff. Importantly, the public understands this and so does every legal scholar, expert, and luminary, including people and just highly respected people like the people in this room are highly respected, like Andy McCarthy, Jonathan Turley, Alan Dershowitz, Mark Levin, Steven Calabrese, David Rivkin, Gregg Jarrett, Katie and Andrew Cherkasky, and even from CNN, Elie Honig.
They're fake. And the press barely reported it because they're fake. They're worse than -- they're worse than the -- [Audience boos] honestly, they're worse than the politicians. They're worse than the politicians, and they're being caught. That's why their approval ratings are so low. They're being caught.
You have a national light to carry and you have the military bases. I mean, when you think about the military bases, so we laid out this policy I'm a very, very big Second Amendment person it's very important to me, it's very, very important.So you know, one other thing I want to say, I met with a lot of ministers and pastors the other day and I brought up one point that has been bothering me for a long time and it's the word Christmas. When kids say -- Do you ever go to a store now? Where it's just Happy Holiday and I say to the owner where -- where is the Christmas, and no, no, we don't do that. We don't do that anymore.
And you think that's easy? People said has, Oh, has he given up on the -- no, I never give up. We have $1.6 billion toward the wall. And we've done the planning, and you saw those beautiful pictures. And the wall looks good. It's properly designed.
How long would it take to knock out the caliphate? I was told three years, General." "Sir, we can do it in three weeks." I said, "I'm liking this guy more and more by the minute." And I said, "General, how would you do that?" "Well, sir, they never fought them very tough. They only wanted them fighting from one location.
And they've already taken away your vote. They've taken away your voice and now they want to take away your freedom. And it's not going to happen by the way. But as Biden laid out in that hateful and extremely devised speech in Philadelphia, where by the way, crime is the highest it's ever been by a factor of like three times.
You know that, they know that, everybody knows that. But America prays for Israel. We send our absolute support to everyone in harm's way. This is an attack that would not have happened. To think about what we have to go through and the things we put up with with the border, with no energy independence, with all electric cars.
We will strengthen and modernize our military. I rebuilt our military, and now we're going to modernize it still further. We will build a missile defense shield all made in the USA, including the Commonwealth is going to build a lot of it. We're entitled to it. We're entitled to it. Others have it. We want it too.
She wants to confiscate. She will confiscate your guns. Would anybody in the room or anybody outside -- you have 25,000 people outside. I wish I could show them. Can we show them? Is there a way because they are outside and -- I mean, they are the greatest people. We've got 25,000. Is there anybody here that would like to give up their gun to Kamala? [Audience responds "No"] She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention at taxpayer expense. [Audience boos]
We can't let this happen.
They want everybody to come in and they're coming up by the thousands and I'll tell you what our border patrol or law enforcement, ICE, they are working, they're apprehending 30, 40, 50,000 people at times, I mean, just in short periods of times. The laws are so bad if you don't release them they arrest you.
They're very wise. They can't believe Biden's the president. They can't even believe it, and they're taking advantage of our country. They want to clean out their jails. Jails all over the world, you take a look at their prison population, it's way down because they've taken people out of those jails and they've dumped them into our country.
So, think of that, a 700 -- This was agreed to. I don't think Bernie was that bad. I think, actually, Bernie went further left after they made the deal, and I'm keeping radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country, okay, if it's okay with you. Look at what's gone on in France over the last four days.
We have $17 trillion more than that in eight months coming in. And they're coming in from Canada, Mexico, from Europe, from all over -- AI, auto plants -- everybody's coming back to the United States. Under my budget, we will be expanding the US Navy by at least 19 ships next year including submarines, destroyers, assault ships and more.
Terrible. If you would have told me 30 years ago, 20 years ago, that could happen to Long Island, I would have said, No way. But that's what happened. But think of it. It's like these towns have been liberated.
But you know what? We have the greatest negotiators in the world. We have the greatest business people in the world. We're going to use these great business people -- Carl Ichan endorsed me, so many others. We're going to use our great leaders, our great business people, it's time -- it's time. Think of it [Inaudible] work, all this everything and we have a deficit, $800 billion. To all American's I say it's time for change, it's time for leadership. [Applause]
Made a big difference. And we'll show you some numbers in a little while. I want to also thank Major General Brian Cummings for the incredible leadership and service you have done. An unbelievable job. Thank you, Brian. Thank you very much. Thank you. We're also honored to be joined by several of the Ohio leaders, friends of mine -- terrific people: Senator Rob Portman.
First, I will announce -- I love you, too. [Applause]
But, I watched his speech that he made and I said, "Man, he's going to get just decimated. This thing is a disaster." I turned onto a couple of the competing networks, call them. And they're saying, "Not since FDR, has there been a speech like this." FDR, I thought he had a magnificent presence, right? He would sit up there and his voice was beautiful and booming and elegant.
And it's an incredible thing that stopped right away. You know, they were heading to the Jefferson Memorial. They wanted to take out Thomas Jefferson. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think we're going to let that happen. But we passed it. It was a very old law, and we found it one of my very good legal people, along with Stephen Miller, they found it. They said, sir, I don't know if you want to try and bring this back.
And we're going to have a big, big success in New York. Thank you. Thank you everybody. It's a great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you.
They've taken so many of our companies even Nabisco, my Oreos, they're taking Nabisco, right? I'm never eating Oreos, I tell it all the time. They had some Oreos before in the plane. I said I don't want to touch them. Bring them back. Are you allowed to bring them back? Bring them back, right? But I'm not happy.
You couldn't find your way off the stage. They showed you walking into walls." So, the fake news had me walking into walls when I was just imitating Biden because he walks into walls. [Audience boos]
But no, it hurt him to see it. He said, I looked at this field that was one of the most beautiful places in my own mind and imagination that I've ever seen. And I said, it's littered with this garbage. It looked like a junkyard, he said. Then you get different manufacturers and they don't look alike and they're not painted alike, different colors.
You hear that, Mr. Attorney General? They don't even have signature verification. Could you imagine passing a voting law? But they're getting a little good because everyone thinks, oh, they're passing this. No it's not. And you notice they're the only state that's being sued by the federal government. You know why?
They're more brave. They're braver than all of us put together. Wounded warriors who I love all over the place, all over the place. And you know what we have from Iraq? Nothing. Nothing. We don't have a damn thing. We have nothing, OK. This is the kind of thinking. And then we have Obama who instead of getting us out properly or keeping us there.
First, our nation must seek an honorable and enduring outcome worthy of the tremendous sacrifices that have been made, especially the sacrifices of lives. The men and women who serve our nation in combat deserve a plan for victory. They deserve the tools they need and the trust they have earned to fight and to win.
And I was sitting at a party on Fifth Avenue one night a long time ago, and you had the biggest people in New York, the biggest people in the country, all in that party, and they were all saluting each other, how great they were, they were all telling each other, "I'm greater than you." It gets to be really, gives you a headache sometimes, but they had all these people telling their own stories about how fantastic.
I said, what time is it, 2:30 in the morning. And we have to win, right? We can never give up. The people in this room, right? You never gave up. My supporter right from day one and her husband with a bad damn back, right? How's his back? Is he OK? Every time I see him, he's got a bad back, but he's got a lot of cash.
And they're not supposed to do that and they're not supposed to be building fortresses in the South China Sea. They have no respect for our country. They have no respect for our President. They think he's a total lightweight and now he's going to be campaigning. And you know what? He shouldn't campaign. He should go out and do the job that he's supposed to be doing not campaigning.
Is that right? Right? Wouldn't that be great for our nation? Wouldn't that be nice? I mean, think of it. I don't want to mention all the names because some of them have already called me wanting to endorse me. I've got some endorsing. Oh, that's OK. It's so late. It's so late. All right. Get him out. Get him out of here, folks.
That was beautiful because you know, we get tired of hearing from these politicians all the time. Right politicians, right? What a job he does and we thank you very much Dan, and you are my great friend and thank you. So I want to bring up a man who's going to win the election with us and really, he has been -- he's been so rock solid.
I will say, three weeks ago, they ordered more cor -- corn, more soybeans, more beef than at any time in the history of this country. So they obviously think I'm going to win. They obviously think we are going to win. And they wanna make us happy but we're not happy because that should have been stopped.
Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone and conviction I have seen firsthand how the system is. I have seen firsthand how the system is. I have seen firsthand how the system is rigged against our citizens, just like it rigged against our citizens. Just like it rigged against our citizens, just like it was rigged against Bernie Sanders, he was rigged against Bernie Sanders.
Think of it. I'm not running. Because a lot of people said, oh he'll never run because he doesn't want to reveal his finances. I said, hey, I'll reveal them. I'm so proud of what I've done. I built a great company. I'm really proud of it. One of the reasons -- I think Ivanka can tell you this even better than me, that we won for the old Post Office.
Do we love our country? Do we love our...
Have you heard of the place, where I've deployed thousands of National Guard troops and hundreds of Marines to protect federal law enforcement from the attacks of a vicious and violent mob and some of the radical left. They say, oh, that's not nice. Well, if we didn't do it, there wouldn't be a Los Angeles we'd be burning today just like their houses were burning a number of months ago.
But all of these politicians that I'm running against now, they're trying to disassociate. I mean, you looked at Bush, it took him five days to answer the question on Iraq. He couldn't answer the question. He didn't know. I said, "Is he intelligent?"
We take 10 steps right or left, we get sued, and we're now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive. We're going to make health care a big part of this campaign. We're protecting people with pre-existing conditions that we always will. That's why if we are successful, you know where the Supreme Court to try and get rid of this the caucus, it's a caucus known as Obamacare, but we're running it much better than they did remember when they had.
We're giving other country -- we give iron domes to other countries, but we don't do it. It'll all be made in the USA. You know, they work -- in the old days, you know, Ronald Reagan wanted that, too, but they didn't work at that time. So, it was sort of a pipe dream a little bit. But maybe he was ahead of his time.
We won, but no, no I would say that, I would say that sleepy Joe probably came in second. Chris Wallace was a deep third. But, you know, Kristen Welker who did, you know, her inclination is not for us, but she looked up and when he said that stupid answer she said, "Why did you say that?" Because you know, she's on his side, okay?
The enemy has them. We have such stupid leadership. And if you think that with Yemen, you take a look at that border with Saudi Arabia, if you think they're stopping at Yemen, they don't Yemen. They want the oil.
My heart will always be with the Colombian people and the people from Cuba and the people from Venezuela and Nicaragua, and all of the people that are so unfairly treated and you'll see a lot of great things happen. I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years, it's true. And now, he's pushing the most far-left agenda ever foot forward by a Presidential nominee or candidate.
It's a great honor to be with you. And I love Arizona. We had a tremendous victory in Arizona that was taken away. I just want to wish everybody a Happy New Year. And we're going to have, I think, a great year. Last year, we had a rigged election, and the proof is all over the place. We have a lot of proof, and they know it's proof.
A person is terminally ill, they're terminally ill. They're really sick. And I know people, if they have money, they travel all over the world to try and find a cure. If they don't have money, they die. They die.
It's now just about ready to crack $18 trillion and by the end of one year we will have about $20 trillion to $21 trillion invested in our country. That's more by ten times the highest amount ever invested in any country ever before. And it's largely because of tariffs and I think November 5th election, but it's the largest amount.
And he also happens to make a very good product. His pillow. I use it. When I sleep well, I'm using his pillow and these suckers are about to fall down, but that's okay because I know him very well. Mike Lindell. Mike, thank you. And he's the chairman of our campaign. If I don't win Minnesota with you as the chairman of our campaign, I would say that would be very bad for me because if this guy can do anything, thank you, Mike.
It's almost impossible to break 50 and we got 62%. But what -- Really is.
It was badly wounded. It fell to the ground. But most of them are -- and Ronald Reagan wanted this many years ago, but we really didn't have the technology many years ago. Remember, they called it starship, spaceship, anything to mock him. But he was a very good president, very, very good. But now we have unbelievable technology.
And the number is going up rapidly. We'll be beating the 60,000 number that we lost, except these will be bigger, newer, and the latest. Years of economic stagnation have given way to a roaring geyser of opportunity. U.S. stock markets have soared by more than 50 percent since my election, adding more than $19 trillion to household wealth, and boosting 401(k)s, pensions, and college savings accounts for millions of hardworking families.
And while Joe Biden pretends to be a defender of veterans, crooked Joe has tried to rehire the sadists who mistreated our great. You know, we fired 9,000 people out of the VA because they were sadistic. They were sadists. They were hurting our veterans. They were thieves. They were crooks. They were bullies.
And sometimes, it takes them 10 years, and they have to study or this or that. They have to love our country. And now, you have people just pouring across the border. Sadly, the establishment losers and sellouts lagging far behind us in the Republican primary cannot be trusted on taxes, trade, or anything else.
We want protection. We want smarts. And we're going to have the finest, we're going to have the safest country. And we're going to leave our Second Amendment and we're going to protect ourselves if we have to. We're going to protect ourselves. It's amazing when you think of some of the things you hear where let's not have guns.
You never heard one word. They said, he's rich. Good. He's rich. Of course, to them that's a bad thing. They want to weaponize law enforcement to interfere with our elections through the use of the DOJ, the FBI, attorney generals and local district attorneys. You saw the scam today with the 51 intelligence officials.
Biden is -- is -- You know what he does, right? I think he's fighting -- He's actually fighting I think for Hunter. For the family. Biden and his cronies, what they've done is a disgrace. And frankly, what the media has done is more of a disgrace. [Audience Boos] Think of it. Think of it. There's never been.
You know, sometimes something can cost so little, it's ridiculous, right? So we opened it. It is totally beautiful. The finest stones, the finest marbles, the best location.
If you don't vote for Trump, you can forget it because they will put it -- do you know who's in charge of it? Cory Booker, Senator Cory Booker, he's another beauty. [Audience Boos] He was Elizabeth -- if you -- if you really think -- you had Elizabeth Warren, you had Cory Booker, and you had Kamala. You know, if you pronounce her name wrong she goes crazy.
I am thrilled to be back in my second home. That's what it is. It's my second home. In many cases, I think I could say it's my first home, if you want to know the truth. It's the great state of Florida, very historic, because exactly four years ago this week, I announced my campaign for president of the United States and it turned out to be more than just a political campaign.
Well, thank you very much, Erie. We love Erie. We've been winning Erie right from the beginning. You know, Erie used to be a Democrat stronghold until we came along. It's no longer. It's -- it's a Republican -- it's a Trump stronghold. We love Erie. We love you, people. Hardworking people.
And again, how many more would we have gotten with fair elections? How many? I can tell you, I think many millions and millions. But a lot of things are happening. Watch this, stay tuned. I want to thank so many of the states. You look at what's going on in some of the states. It's incredible what they're doing because they get it. And I'm far more popular now than on Election Day because the people have watched what the hell has happened to our country in just a very short period of time.
Except every time there was a protester screaming about something, those cameras could be like a pretzel. They turn around and I never saw anything like it. [Laughter]
We're also joined by our brand new VA Secretary, Robert Wilkie -- he's going to be fantastic -- who was just confirmed by the Senate last night with an overwhelming vote. The only ones, actually, that voted against him were all of the people, super-lefts, that are running against me in two and a half years. [Audience Boos]
Who would think? Who would think? I'm thrilled to be back in the city I grew up in the city, I spent my life in, the city I helped build, and the city that we all love, New York City. And I'm here tonight to declare that we are going to turn New York City around, and we are going to turn it around very, very quickly.
Everything that I said and the one that's going to get the rest of it is going to be ISIS. So, after all of that effort and all of that money and all of those lives, we have nothing because we're stupid. We have stupid people, it's not going to happen anymore. It's not going to happen anymore. [Applause]
She fell in love with another man. It doesn't matter. You got to get out of bed and you got to vote, right you've got to vote. It's true. Now, you have to get out and you have to vote because it's so important. And you know, you've gonna have a lot to do with -- it's called make America great again. These politicians are not gonna do it. The politicians are not gonna be able to do it. I know them.
If we doubled our capacity, we wouldn't have enough. These people do so much, and we're going to get them a tax credit. To rapidly reduce inflation, I will end Kamala's war on American energy, and we will drill, baby, drill. [Audience calls out "Drill, baby, drill."] Thank you. And I'll cut your energy prices in half within 12 months.
And that's what I do. I make things good. So and Atlantic City is a story like they did a story recently in the front page of The Wall Street Journal was actually a good story. It said Trump made a lot of money in Atlantic City. And you know people say, "Oh I know you did great but you didn't do great in Atlantic." I did great in Atlantic.
Bill Lee, going to be a great governor. A vote for Republicans is a vote for lower taxes, less regulation -- that's a big factor -- and more products made right here in the good, old USA. [Audience Chants USA]
They're not going to use it for terror, they have plenty of money for terror. Think of it, $1.7 billion cash. Massive big vats of cash. You saw them.
In addition, under our framework, those caring for the elderly loved -- and we love these people, but we're caring, and we take such care of the elderly and other adult dependents -- will receive financial relief in the form of a $500 tax credit. [Applause]
What are they doing? They're destroying our country. They're destroying our country. If this continues, all Michigan manufacturing will be dead in absolutely no time. You won't have any manufacturing. Because as that industry goes and as the energy goes, there goes your businesses. As president, my policy will be to maximum.
You know, he doesn't know too much about what's going on anymore, but he thought it was good. Since Joe Biden took office, cumulative inflation has reached almost 20%. Think of that. Think of it, over a two-and-a-half-year period. Now, we're getting up. Can you imagine? Just a little more than a year and we can rid ourselves of what's happened to this country.
Deductibles are so high, you can't use it, you'll never get to use it. Job-killing Obamacare is just one more way that our system is rigged, believe me. Remember Jonathan Gruber of MIT, the architect of Obamacare. He said they could pass Obamacare because the stupidity of the American voter, the stupidity -- he called the American voter stupid. [Booing]
We have become a drug infested, crime-ridden nation, which is incapable of solving even the simplest of problems. We will institute the powerful death penalty for drug dealers. Where each dealer is responsible for the death during their lives of more than 500 people. Mothers will never again be forced to watch their children overdosing and hopelessly dying in their arms screaming, "What can I do? What can I do?" We are a nation who's once revered airports are dirty, they're a crowded mess.
You know, General, I spoke to him three, four days ago. Good guy, knows that area very well. I said What do you think of the allies? You know they -- we call them the allies. They really -- they're called the rebels, Free Syrian rebels. What do you know? He said, we know nothing about him. He said, they could be ISIS.
And his competition that night, he cannot -- he cannot be president. He cannot be president of the United States. If you want your incomes to plummet, your net worth to collapse, your tax bills to soar, your jobs to disappear then vote for lying Kamala to be -- the tax queen to be your president. Because if you want to do all those things [Audience boos] where your country goes to hell, where your country ends up in a 1929-style depression, then vote for Kamala.
I feel, I don't know how many guns they must have had pouring out of their guts. There must have been, they were not happy campers, the Secret Service. But I stood there and I took pictures with these hundreds of guys. And I'll tell you, it was like a love fest. They want to see strength. These are great guys, great people, and gals.
That was a great deal, though. Still in existence, I doubt they're probably adhering to it so much anymore because they have to respect leadership in order to adhere to it, but they adhered to it when I was there, $50 billion worth of purchases. And unleashing American energy to unlock the American Dream because the American dream is rapidly leaving.
President Putin of Russia, there's nobody been tougher than Russia. Nobody been tougher than me to Russia. They want me to lose so badly. He's not like that. Kim Jong-un, remember we were gonna be in a war with North Korea? What happened? What happened to the war? Kim Jong-un, not like that. Their top of the game and most of the leaders, top of the game.
I don't want them to do that. I don't want them to do that. So I passed a tax bill and we put it through everybody and everyone loves it. We're lowering taxes substantially. You know, we're the highest tax nation in the world. We're bringing corporate taxes and small business taxes down 15 -- we're bringing them down to 15%. That's right.
Just look at what Clinton and her party have done to the inner cities and to the African-American and Hispanic communities. They failed them. They betrayed them, and they have abused them. She has abused the African-American community. She has abused the Hispanic community. [Applause]
It is the future. So, this evening, I want to talk about, just for a little while, some of the really big issues. And we'll talk about it because we want to get you home, and I want to get home, too. I'm doing this for Charlie Kirk. I want to get the hell home because most of this, you probably heard from every speaker. "You're going to do this.
Now the press was there, they saw it. Nobody says it was a lie. It was a total lie. In fact, I had more people at the end than I had at the beginning. Nobody's leaving. Nobody's leaving here except for the one person that was screaming. So we asked the press to report that it was a total lie, and they don't want to do that because it's not their thing to do. You know, we get the biggest crowds.
We're going to get you much better healthcare at a lower price for you, and that will be either working on Obamacare or doing something new, but we're going to give you much better 'cause you have lousy healthcare and it's too expensive. On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity.
And I wouldn't normally say that. But what they did to our country, it was incredible. And now, you know, we had a country, it was a dead country. Everybody, so many of the leaders that I've met, king of Saudi Arabia, told me very -- They all said, essentially, "We thought your country was dead one year ago.
Like so many generations before you, you are the front lines of a momentous struggle that will determine the future of America. Together, we are fighting to reclaim our republic from a failed and corrupt political establishment. Nobody knew how corrupt it was. I think I taught them. I think -- I'm so proud of that.
And you know why? It's because he's not doing his job. Last year, 565 people were murdered in Chicago. Since Eddie Johnson has been police chief, more than 1,500 people have been murdered in Chicago, and 13,067 people have been shot. During the first weekend of August 2019, 7 people were murdered and 52 were wounded in 32 shootings in Chicago.
If that happens, the ball game will be -- the world will be destroyed. The power is so enormous. You look at Hiroshima, you look at Nagasaki -- multiply that times 500 times, and the world would be destroyed. So, you want somebody as your president or you want somebody as your leader that understands that.
What about a thing called voter ID, voter identification? Rob Portman, please work on that Rob Portman. You have a great senator. Would you please start working on that? You see the response. Every place I go. Rob, please Rob, voter ID. They give you everything they can give you, except like voter ID, and the things that matter.
You have to let me speak, Frank, because you interrupt me all the time. No, I know him too well, that's the problem. Let's take John McCain. I'm in Phoenix.
I had to pay a penalty for paying it back early. How about that? I paid a penalty because I paid it back early. They didn't want the money. Anyway, the banker testified. The bankers. But the banker testified, "No, the loan was perfect. We don't understand." He didn't even know what he was doing there. This judge, he levels a fine for $355 million on a loan that's a fraction of that size because he's a corrupt Democrat clubhouse judge.
It's an honor, really, of my life. I understand that I'm the first Commander-in-Chief, first President, to address you and be here. And that's something -- something that's very special. And it's also an honor to be the Commander-in-Chief of the greatest fighting force the world has ever known: The United States Military.
I want to send our love to someone who could not be here because he has just gone -- undergone a major surgery related to the shooting, a man who was really badly wounded, like David, James Copenhaver, because James was a wonderful man, a big Trump fan. And Mr. Copenhaver is out there, watching us right now, but he's in a hospital where they did some additional work, but he's in great shape.
It was like, "Sir, it's so great to meet you." And they'd always tell stories about their child. "So my son could throw a football so long. He was a quarterback in high school. He was a quarterback in college. Sir, I think he could have been in the NFL. He was really good. He was so great." And we're waiting for the plane to come in. And sometimes they'd be talking about their daughter.
I say, "What are you doing here?" "I'm trying to help you get elected." I said, "You got to be kidding me." And then, I looked at him and I said, "But actually, you do have no choice." Isn't it true? You don't have a choice. He said, "No, I really respect what you've done over the last three years" -- almost three years now -- "and I really respect, and it's been great for business, and it's been great for jobs.
Great. That's great. Thank you. Also with us today is Luke Wilson, a 23 year old electoral lineman, he loves -- he loves the -- he loves being an electrician, but in this case, the lineman, and these are guys that take big risks and it's hard stuff. But if you know what you're doing, it's fine. He's from Harmony, Pennsylvania as well as De Silva, a truck driver from Springfield, Missouri, where, by the way, our beautiful planes landed, our B-2s, they landed after 36 hours of flying.
My friends, your strength and devotion and values are what truly make America great and what make America run. You know that. You love our country, you're proud of our history and you always respect our great American flag, right. So I was last here in the immediate aftermath of Hurricane Michael, you remember?
Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants. And by the way, the Border Patrol agents and ICE both endorsed me, endorsed me, first time they've ever endorsed a candidate for president. [Applause]
You give this son, who has zero experience with investing, you give him $1.5 billion to invest, meaning he makes millions and millions of dollars, and the biggest guys on Wall Street can't get it. He walks out with $1.5 billion, and then there are other places also, I understand. Folks, it's disgraceful that the press doesn't cover it for what it is. It's a payoff.
The mayor of D.C., Nancy Pelosi, we offered them the troops, 10,000-plus, and they turned us down. That was on January 3rd. They turned us down, 10,000 troops, but it's the same thing. They didn't do their job. They like to blame it on others, but they didn't do it. However, when the rioters started knocking down statues all over D.C. of our great heroes, people that are the greatest of the great, I immediately signed an executive order stating that anybody who even slightly defaced a federal monument or statue would get 10 years in prison.
You're never going to get them solved. Some were going for 31 years, two of them, 31 -- think of it, 31 years. One was 36 years. One was 28 years. I ended seven wars. And in all cases, they were raging with countless thousands of people being killed. This includes Cambodia and Thailand, Kosovo and Serbia, the Congo and Rwanda, a vicious, violent war that was, Pakistan and India, Israel and Iran, Egypt and Ethiopia, and Armenia and Azerbaijan.
We're standing up for the incredible men and women always of law enforcement. We're standing up. And I can tell you, the military and law enforcement they stood up. I don't say for me. I'm the messenger folks. I'm the messenger. They stood up for us in this last election. We got numbers that nobody believed were possible from law enforcement and from military. Basically people they wear uniforms like us. Isn't that nice. I saw this man on TV just now, you. I just saw him on television. He said I love Trump. Let Trump do what he has to do. That's my guy right there. Come here. Come here. No, I just. I'm coming in. That's okay.
But he did -- he did the opposite. And then they said, "Oh, Trump loves Russia. Trump loves Russia." No. It's the biggest project they've ever had. I closed it up. Then he came in. The first day he was there, he let them build it. So -- what is that? Oh, that sounds so cute. I love dogs. I love dogs. [Applause]
We're not going to wrestle any of them. But he's an all American, so, congratulations on that. That's incredible. That's incredible. And former congressman and another great friend of mine, this guy is the greatest auctioneer that I've ever heard. I've heard some pretty good ones, right? You feel like doing something, Billy? [Audience responses "Yeah"]
They like to say that's a -- that the sales tax is created by a tariff. No, it's not. This is a -- you know, look, I had a lot of tariffs. I took -- the most beautiful word in the dictionary to me is tariff. If I had more time, I'd say no, it's third. I say religion and love -- religion, love, and tariff in that order.
Nobody talks about that. Nobody talks about that. Nobody talks about the individual mandate, most unpopular thing, and it's going to be gone. Soon, Obamacare will be gone. We actually had it. We missed one vote, one vote, one vote. That was a little bit of a surprise to us at 2 o'clock in the morning. One vote.
And American energy, harvested from American sources, will power this nation. And we are going to take care of our miners, and we are going to take care of our steel workers; they are not. These are special people. Miners -- who's a miner here? [Applause]
Thank you. I thought Adam was the son. Look how young he looks. [Laughter] He's got a son working out there? Wow. Whatever you're eating, Adam, keep eating it. [Laughter] It's working. Jay Baldwin is a Boiler Operator and a proud Army veteran. After serving as a tank crewman on the M1, now Jay helps build the M1 right here.
It comes through small. Jensen was small. Were you ever small? I think so. When you started in your bedroom, I think you were small, right? He started as very small, and now he's really become very amazing. [Laughter] If you regulate them too much, you kill the source of American genius and technological power.
In this future, we are going to pursue new education policies. At the center of my plan is school choice. I want every disadvantaged child in America to be able to attend the public or private school that is right for them and their family.
So Donald Trump gets 6% the first week. Next week I get 12%. "Ah, he got 12%, a little higher than I thought but that will be his ceiling. He will not go higher than that." Next week I get 18%, then I get 22%, then I get 25%, 27%, 30%, 32%, 36%. Then I get 38%. And every single time they say that will be his ceiling.
No matter where I go, I have tremendous crowds. Packed crowds. Packed. We went to Dallas, 20,000 people in Dallas. 25,000 people. I mean, -- Mobile, Alabama, 35,000 people. Here, every time I come to South Carolina, every time I go to North Carolina, every time I go to Iowa, New Hampshire, Virginia, wherever I go, Florida, we have crowds that are maxed.
You know the beautiful thing, I was telling some of my friends backstage, the amazing thing about this and all the people that couldn't get in, when an election is over, they tell me, what do I know? I wasn't - - I have been a politician for a little more than two years. So what do I know? Although I'm doing a good job, I guess, right? I'm president. I'm President. [Applause]
I never..." First time in the history of drug companies that they've done that. They literally announced it. I called them the next day. I told them I was extremely unhappy and they said, "We're going to reduce it." Who the hell does that? Do you think Hillary Clinton would have done that? [Audience Responds No] I don't think so. I don't think so. [Audience Chants Lock her up] By the way, she or whoever it might have been, crazy Bernie, whoever they put in, they wouldn't have done any of the things -- we did the greatest trade deal.
Otherwise, you don't have a country. You've got to have both. We had the greatest border in the history of our country. We had things called like, "Remain in Mexico." How's that? Good? You don't have to know too much. Remain in Mexico, and they remained in Mexico. Mexico said, "No way." And I said, " Way.
And I think the states are much more pinpointed. You can do a much better job. It's going to be, I think, a miracle what's going to happen. So we're at the bottom of almost every list. At a 40, we're just about at 38, 39 or 40. So it's not like, gee whiz, we don't want to screw up what we have. What we have is horrible.
When Iran, after all, we did with the $150 billion, could you believe that? I can't even think about it. Iran, the deal we made. And then they capture our sailors, they put guns to their head. They make them sit in a begging position with their hands up. And the only reason they released them is because they wanted their $150 billion.
We took out that horrible, big, massive slab of concrete. We leveled it out, but slab of concrete, we leveled it out. But slab of concrete, we leveled it out. But most importantly, I said to the people, most importantly, I said to the people, most importantly, I said to the people what's with this freon, I hear they're what's with this freon.
Well, does that mean we take a president; and we've just elected a president; where the votes were fraudulent? No. It means you have to turn over the election. And everybody knows, without going much further; and they've seen the evidence, but they don't want to talk about it. What a disaster this election was.
We are a nation that no longer has a free and fair press. Fake news is all you get, and they are truly the enemy of the people. We are a nation where free speech is no longer allowed, where crime is rampant and out of control, and like never before, where more people died of COVID in 2021 than in 2020. We are a nation that is allowing Iran to build a massive nuclear weapon and China to use the trillions of dollars it has taken from us to build a military to rival our own.
What a great crowd. Let's straighten that thing out. I like this -- I like this uniform look. She was a little crooked. I want that straight. Like we're going to straighten out our country. We're going to straighten out our country, believe me. Wow this is some crowd. This is a record crowd for this building.
We're going to be here for a little while. But in a political earthquake, we won a wave of support from labor unions, including massive numbers of auto workers, which gave us Michigan, as an example. Think of that, we won Michigan easily and we did tremendous with the auto workers and an overwhelming majority of the rank and file membership of the Teamsters.
And I haven't noticed anybody leaving. There was one gentleman over there, but he came back. He went to the bathroom. And what the fake news will do is take a picture of one empty seat, say people are fleeing. No, they don't flee. Nobody's fleeing, nobody's leaving. I always watch -- if they start to leave, I just end the speech.
They say this is a problem, but I don't blame them. You're better off keeping it off. But they have some scammer, reporter who started saying, without any knowledge, that he may not have hit the targets as well as they thought. It may not have been obliteration. He did hit the targets -- you've got to give us a little credit, right?
No one asked these selfless men and women to enlist in this righteous cause, or to enroll as foot soldiers in the eternal struggle against crime and violence. They joined the cause because their hearts were big and full of amazing courage. They joined because they cared so deeply for the innocent and helpless and forgotten. They put on the uniform because they believed to the very core of their souls, that it was their mission in life to serve and to protect.
And I say to the African-American parent, you have a right to walk down the street of your city without having your child or yourself shot, and that's what's happening right now. That's what's happening. To the Hispanic parent, you have a right to walk outside without being shot. You have a right to good education for your child.
We're going to build that wall. It's going to go up. [Inaudible] It's very simple to build. So 1,000 miles, the Great Wall of China is 13,000 miles. I think we can handle a thousand, right? We need a thousand, we have -- it's 2000 miles but we have a lot of natural barriers which are fine. But we're going to build a wall and it's going to be a real wall.
Or who would say that we will give parental rights over your children back to parents? Who would think that you would have to say -- or that men in women's sports will not be allowed. Who would think? Can you imagine this? Brian Urlacher, the big football player, great football player from Chicago. He's a massive guy, big, strong guy.
This guy doesn't have a chance. OK? Bernie Sanders is surging. Hillary's way down. That's four weeks ago. Take a look. The day I hit her. The day I hit her. And her husband -- Because he was fair game because he's in the campaign. I said, "Let me ask you. Is he campaigning?" Yes. OK. Then here's the story.
We're going to be working closely together to deliver for you, the citizens of Tennessee, like you've never been delivered for before. Thank you. Thank you. [Applause] Thank you. We're going to reduce your taxes -- big league. Big. [Applause] Big. I want to start that process so quickly. Got to get the healthcare done. We got to start the tax reductions. [Applause]
Well, you saw the polls that come out -- I don't know if this is true. You know, a year and a half ago, they said I was an interloper. How bad is that? An interloper. And now they say, and you will admit, a thing comes out, a big poll, and a couple of polls. A number of polls that, "He's the most powerful, most popular, Republican in the history of the party." And a little while ago I was an interloper.
This is a movement, the likes of which no country, but our country has never seen before. MAGA. MAGA. No country has ever seen anything like it. Remember when Biden would get up, "We will stop MAGA." He had no idea. I said, "Joe, do you know what it means?" "No, not really." No, it means make America great again.
We will never forget what you did for us -- ever. From Bunker Hill to Belleau Wood, from Iwo Jima to the Inchon Landing, Americans have stormed into danger, stared down evil, and stood strong and tall for God, country, and freedom.
Don't do it, Joe, don't do it. I took on Communist China like no administration in history, bringing hundreds of billions of dollars pouring into our treasury when no other president had gotten even ten cents from, not ten cents from China. And I think I made people aware that China is a threat, certainly an economic threat.
All they want to do is investigate everybody, but they are the ones that are really under investigation. I also want to thank the Republican Congress because people can be critical, but they are working so hard. Jim Jordan, James Comer, he's become a great star. These are great people putting themselves at risk because they take a lot of abuse, but they're doing something that we haven't seen in Washington in 25 years.
Why weren't they reported? And the reason is possibly that they liked what was going on. We can't have it. Look, we've got to have a country. We've got to have a country. We've got to have -- we're gonna have a great country. We're gonna get rid of some of the stuff. We're trying to be so politically correct that we can't function anymore.
Not television, Ti Vo, because without Ti Vo television is useless. So I say, "Who is that?" "I don't know. He's -- I think his name's John James." I said, "Do me a favor. Go back." Now, the other guys had a lot of money. They were spending a lot of money. Right? Four, I think four guys. Four guys. I said, "That guy -- " I'm pretty good at this stuff. "That guy can be a star." Right?
Hillary and our failed establishment have dragged us into foreign wars that have made up less safe and never end -- they never end. Shipyard jobs [Inaudible] borders wide open at home. That will all change when we win the presidential election. [Applause]
There's no quid pro quo. You remember that word from the fake Ukraine deal? We had Russia, Russia, Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine. They were both fake deals. I got impeached twice on fake news. But I said to these young people, let me handle it. I was going to show them how good I am. Let me handle it. I'll call them up. I said, Brian, listen, you have a big election integrity problem in Georgia.
But our country and our economy cannot take off like they should unless we reform America's outdated, complex, and extremely burdensome -- I mean, this is so complicated and so burdensome -- our tax code.
With unyielding commitment, we are curbing the opioid epidemic. Drug overdose deaths declined for the first time in nearly 30 years. Among the states hardest hit, Ohio is down 22 percent, Pennsylvania is down 18 percent, Wisconsin is down 10 percent -- and we will not quit until we have beaten the opioid epidemic once and for all.
Don't forget, we did it for 14 seasons. That's enough, right? But I said, we're going to run. It's hard to give up prime time and a lot of money no matter how rich. It's a lot of money you make, but you give a prime time television Thursday nights, it was a hard thing to do, but I said, "No, I'm going to run for president." And they were so upset and they said, "No, no, no." And I decided to do it. And they said, "Who do you think we should use?" I said, "I have no idea.
Because I tell you what, if Iran isn't negotiating now, they've got to be crazy because they are sitting -- and I said this the other day, they are sitting on hot timber. They are really crazy if they're not negotiating. And by the way, they do, in my opinion, want to negotiate. But we may have somebody that wants to have war because he doesn't want to accept a negotiation which could turn out to be much stronger than war and you could make a much better deal than war, but it may be good politics.
Rockets will rain down from above until the Iron Dome has been exhausted. You know, the Iron Dome is great. But when you send too many, there's not a thing it can do. It's exhausted. It becomes exhausted. They call it that. They want to exhaust, and they send up anything. They send up, they call it, garbage into the air.
You know that. You could -- but to think that I'm going to be jumping into the seat, grabbing a wheel, being rebuffed, grabbing this big, powerful guy, his neck is like this, and grabbing, I'm going to take him. Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy. What we have to put -- and guess what? The Secret Service put out an announcement, which they never do, put out an announcement that it never happened, which everyone knew anyway.
So we're going to go and help them even if they don't want the help. We will give our police back their authority, resources, power, legal protection, and we will give them back their respect. They're great people. And I will immediately launch a no holds barred national campaign to dismantle the gangs and clean out the nests of organized street crime.
No, he was standing right there. No, he was -- he was soaking wet. I'm telling you. He was wet. Boy, I say, what the hell is going on over here. I thought he just came out of a swimming pool. He was so soaking. Look, I said, wow. I said, are you OK? Now, when we get in with Putin, we need people that don't sweat.
They're all over our country. They were in Aurora, but Aurora is now the least of it. They've taken over buildings in Aurora. The government, a radical left Democrat weak person, doesn't know quite what to do. He's always got a big mouth when he talks about other things, but he has no idea what to do.
Always very strong got sick. Got very, very sick. And he was supposed to him passed away a long time ago actually. A very good guy but tough, tough guy. And you know, strong. But he got very, very sick. And he was supposed to be dead a year ago. And he just keeps hanging in, hanging in, hanging in. And he won't die and I call him everyday.
It's been amazing the job you've done. And just in finishing, look, this is the largest tax cut in the history of our country. They want to give you -- the Democrats want to give you the biggest tax increase in the history of our country. They have things whether it's border or economic development or no tax on tips and Social Security and no tax on overtime and all these different things.
Our companies are paying taxes, they're leaving. Pfizer, great big, you know, the pharmaceutical company, big company. It's leaving. It's moving to Ireland because the taxes, and because they can't get their money and corporate inversion, you know, they have corporate inversions. They're leaving the country and some of it believing to get their money.
All the needless job killing regulations will be canceled. Millions of new jobs will come pouring in. We're going to lift the restrictions on American energy which means lower electricity prices and half a million new jobs a year, big stuff. And that's just the beginning.
As president, I stopped the caravans, and I did it very quickly. They can be done, and it can be done. They can be stopped. But the people running it, you look at the people running it, look at the people in charge, they're grossly incompetent. They don't have a clue, and they really don't know what to do. I believe they don't know what to do. I don't think that somebody can say, "Isn't that a wonderful thing?" You know, countries are very smart.
But it's a beautiful thing to watch and our beautiful thing to be ball watch and our beautiful thing to be ball watch and our beautiful thing to be ball and going to make your okay and going to make your okay and going to make your okay. So the people of Indiana have been proud, so the people of Indiana have been proud.
Now, Hillary is saying we will get ISIS. What the hell did she let it start for? Now, ISIS is in 32 countries all around the world and what a shame it is. We have people in leadership that are grossly incompetent. We're going to change it. We're going to change it fast, OK? I'm honored to have the endorsement of more than 200 top Admirals and Generals and 22 Medal of Honor recipients.
A lot of money What about Ukraine? He got $183,000 a month, $3 million upfront, and he had no experience with energy, working for an energy company, by the way. What's your experience. Hunter, what's your experience with energy, "I don't have any." "OK, we'll pay you $183,000 a month, and we'll give you an upfront payment hunter of $3 million.
It will be the ambition of these people and all of us to get their life back on track, leave the tent city, and be back into the mainstream of society which is where they want to be. That's a great thing. Now the media will go out and say, "Oh, Trump wants to build tents." No, no, I want to take care of the people because nothing could be as bad as what's happening to them right now.
It's up to you on November 6th to choose a future of patriotism, prosperity and pride. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to everyday Americans. We stand on the shoulder of the giants of American history, the greatest, the toughest, the most courageous men and women ever to walk the face of the Earth.
And it is happening. And we want to get some of these -- we want to get some of these wars that would have never happened, like Russia, Ukraine would have never happened. Israel would have never been attacked, would have never happened. We wouldn't have inflation. We wouldn't have had that Afghanistan horror show, that horrible, horrible -- the way we left, leaving billions of dollars of equipment behind and 13 soldiers.
It also means we must change our foreign policy.
We don't have -- and by the way, go out now and sign up for Truth Social. We're getting the word out. It's amazing. It's hot. And it's much, much, much better than Twitter. Twitter is suffering greatly lately. Do you notice that? Isn't that too bad? [Audience boos]
And by the way, it's working now. Just went on. Thank you. I think I should just do it the other way. It's easier. Thank you very much. I didn't think of it at the time because I was too busy working to save millions of lives, that is the saving and stopping of these wars, but later I realized that the United Nations wasn't there for us. They weren't there.
important well there's so many things we got a repeal Obamacare replace it we
This is what we have. Nobody working. He brought in -- that's called chain migration. It's from the Democrats. And we don't want it anymore. Right? A vote for Democrats is a vote for open borders and a vote for tax hikes. I don't know. I don't get that one. I think I would be a failed politician if I had to really promote open borders.
But we got it through Congress, thanks to your congressman and various other people, right? We did, we did a good job, thank you, man. We did a good job, and we have Space Force, and it's gonna end up being one of our most important without question. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. $150 billion, for nothing, here's $150 billion. $1.8 billion in cash, I'm even more impressed with that, think of it, cash, $1.8 billion they got.
Thank you. We're going to send the special interest packing and we are going to once again have a government of, by, and for the people. Going to happen. Remember and we sometimes forget, Republicans are the party of Abraham Lincoln. Pretty good President, right? Pretty good. I said I'm going to be the most Presidential President you've ever had and then I thought about Abraham Lincoln and I said I don't know.
You know, 18 years ago, Venezuela was a very rich, beautiful, powerful place. Now they don't have food. They don't have water. They don't have medicine. They have nothing, nothing. They have oil. It's worthless. The whole thing is like what's happened. This would be a very, very large scale version of the same thing.
Those were vicious, vicious wolf packs. They were brutal. They were hitting us hard. And then, we came up with the answer, didn't we? We came up with a way to knock 'em out, and we were knocking 'em out so fast they didn't know what to do. It was really the end once we discovered the secret through some brilliant minds, a lot of them are descendants of the people here right now.
Likewise, until today, the United States has, for decades, charged a 2.5 tariff. Think of that, 2.5 percent on foreign made automobiles. The European Union charges us more than 10 percent tariffs and they have 20 percent VATs, much, much higher. India charges 70 percent, and perhaps worst of all are the non-monetary restrictions imposed by South Korea, Japan and very many other nations as a result of these colossal trade barriers.
They don't want to hear it. They want to see a basketball game. Obviously, not too much, but I didn't watch it and a lot of people didn't watch it. And the NFL has to be very careful. They tried that game two years ago and I thought we taught them a lesson, and they have to be very careful. We have to respect our flag, we have to respect our anthem, and we have to respect our country. [Audience chants "USA"] Sleepy Joe supported China's entry into the WTO.
Okay. One thing you know with Hillary, she - one thing you know with Hillary, she - one thing you know with Hillary, she doesn't have the strength or the stamina doesn't have the strength or the stamina doesn't have the strength or the stamina to be President. She doesn't have it to be President, she doesn't have it to be President, she doesn't have it.
They look good. They're very promising. But we had no right to give those medicines to somebody that's terminal, is going to die. They had no hope. If they had money, they traveled all over the world to find a cure, but yet we have the greatest doctors and the greatest medicine in the world here. But it would be years, three years, four years.
This is nine years. We have to get out. [Audience member calls out "Too big to rig"] But you have to tell that horrible, terrible, the worst-ever vice president -- nobody knows where the other guy is. Where the hell is he? Where the hell did he go, David? Where is he? Nobody knows where the hell -- where is Biden? Remember, we used to go where is Hunter? We used to go where is Hunter? Now, we go where the hell is Biden? Where's Joe? [Audience member calls out "Cheating"] You know, when you think, they just stole -- they stole the election.
But we're going to start talking about it because we have to make this a safe country. And you know, I would say two weeks ago, a month ago, I wouldn't be saying these words. I was talking about the border and I was talking about the wall. And we will build the wall. That I can tell you. [Applause]
But you can learn how to caucus and find your caucus location, which is often different than where you normally vote. So, you got to remember that at ia.donaldjtrump.com. So, you'll get it and you'll figure it out. And it'll be -- we'll figure it out all very quickly. I'll be figuring it out with you, but we'll get out.
It's totally rigged. OK? It's corrupt, it's rigged. It's disgraceful. You have a statement made today at 11 o'clock. Then you have a big speech by the president flying in on Air Force One with Hillary Clinton a few hours later. Even though we have more people here than they do, but we won't say that. So the A.G. met with the president -- he had to -- before the announcement.
He choked. He should have left that room a couple of times, walked away, doubled up the sanctions and he would have made a much better deal. He never did that. He was afraid to leave the room. He choked. But usually, if you look at it, a choker -- we don't want chokers, do we agree? We don't want chokers.
She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention, [Audience boos] all paid for -- all paid for by the taxpayers of the United States of America. And then what did she do? She lied about working at McDonald's. She never worked at McDonald's before. And I went to McDonald's last week.
I spent so much time last week saying that in Iowa. I said, you know, we had great polls. We're up like 40. And they -- I said, "Don't believe the polls. Pretend you're one down because we don't need any surprises." And I said, "Alice, you got to get out of bed now, Alice. We're going to vote." "But, darling, I don't feel good." "It doesn't make any difference, Alice.
The bombs roar. Look at the Middle East now again. Here we go again. The bombs are being dropped all over the place. They have no idea what they're doing. The secretary of defense is missing in action, and then they find him. You know how he's running the war? Laptop from his stomach laying in a hospital bed.
Mr. Chris Wright of the Energy Department. He's going to head up the Energy Department. He's the hottest guy in -- there is. Anybody in the energy business, they said, "I can't believe you got Chris Wright." And a man named Marco Rubio [Audience responds affirmatively]
Hillary wants to shut down American energy and put the miners out of work. She said it. We want the mines and the miners out of work. That's nice. Horrible. We're going to put the miners, the steel steelworkers and so many of our other workers that are being clobbered by the stupidity of our government's leadership.
They flip on these policies so quickly. I don't want to -- you know, and then everybody forgets. They go from one thing for a lifetime and then they flip and they go to something totally different, the opposite, and everybody forgets in two or three days and they're stuck to a new thing, then they usually flip back, you know, depends on which race they're running it. But the Democrat Party is really now the Socialist Party. The Democrats have never been more out of touch with the mainstream, they're totally out of touch. They want open borders, which brings crime, drugs, human trafficking.
And I have to say, I'm very proud of her. My daughter Ivanka, that's all she wants to talk about. I say, "Ivanka, can we please talk about something else?" "No, Dad. I met today with Walmart. They're taking a million people. I met -- " She is -- she wants to make these people have great lives. And when she started this two and a half years ago, her goal was 500,000 jobs.
We had a very good first election. We had a much better second election. We got close to 12 million votes more than we did the first time, the highest number in history. And, OK. And then, I saw what was happening with the country. It was so bad and so incompetent. It didn't take long. I would have preferred that the country was really well run, John.
Trump, by that time, will be five million votes ahead of Cruz. We'll be much more than five million votes ahead of Kasich. I mean, Kasich should be getting -- she -- he going to get -- I call him one -- now I change it. Now I change it to one in 46\. I mean, how do you stay in a race? And I would have won Ohio had I not been given a dirty poll saying that I -- Florida was tougher than I thought.
Because I wanted that to stop. And I spoke -- his name is Abdul. I said, "Abdul, you're killing our people." And they were really killing a lot of people from the previous administration. I mean, they were shooting them so badly, snipers shooting our people. And I said, "Abdul, don't kill our people anymore.
As long as we are proud of who we are and what we are fighting for, we will never, ever fail. There is no place like our place. There is no place. [Applause]
It's hard to believe. Don't forget the Democrats start with an advantage. I won't tell you what the advantage is, but different people automatically vote. Different people vote and they sort of are locked into that vote no matter how bad a guy is. If a man's grossly incompetent, he can't speak, he can't put two sentences together.
But I really wanted to do it not because of location, but because, as you know, I am the big, big believer and admirer of the people in law enforcement, okay? From day one. [Applause] From day one. We love our police. We love our sheriffs. And we love our ICE officers. And they have been working hard. [Applause] Thank you. They have been working hard.
Somebody came out with a pole where I was much closer than I thought in Florida. So I stayed there instead of going to Ohio. If I would have spent two more days in Ohio, we would have won. But I didn't. It's OK. But he's 1 for 44, 45, 46 something, including various other places. So I'm saying, here we have 1 for 44. Now, in the popular vote, I'm millions of votes ahead of Cruz.
Crime is through the roof. Never been anything like it. Murders through the roof. The police are doing so much, but they're not given authority to do anything more. They want to solve the problem. New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, they have great police forces. They're not allowed to do their job. And now they're all leaving.
You'll know in about a month or two whether or not The Establishment has treated me fairly. But the only thing I can say is this, if I win Iowa, I think it's over. I said before because I think, if I win Iowa, we're going to have -- New Hampshire is amazing, people are amazing. You would love the people.
But I saw him. So he came and he really wanted. I said, "You can't win, can you? How can you win?" "Sir, if you endorse me, I'll win. Please, please, sir. Endorse me." And I said, "All right, let's give it a shot." Because honestly, the Secretary of Agriculture, Adam Putnam, good man, but I never met him.
I mean, you've got to go out. You've got to run and you see what happens. But he said some things about her that was so incredible -- incredible and so incredibly bad. There's a great level of hatred right there. But he's been telling the truth. And I really mean it, I think Bernie Sanders should run as an independent.
But you heard the report today. With unfunded liabilities and all the other problems, you could be at over $60 trillion. I don't even want to say it, but you could be at $60 trillion. They're talking about all the unfunded liabilities. So, we have got to get this election right. We can't go with these politicians, all talk, no action, don't know what they're doing, don't give a damn about anything but being reelected.
Performance wasn't the best ever. But they said mine was the best ever, but they said his debate, performance racing. I look forward to debating her by the way. She'll be easier. She'll be easier than him. Her policies are so bad. Remember, her father was a Marxist economic professor. He was a Marxist, an avowed Marxist.
I killed her in the debate, but I have a lot of crooked -- I have crooked people. What they do, I had three-on-1. I didn't even mind that. I still won by a lot. But why? I asked a question. I asked a question. I asked -- and the David Muir. How about him? [Audience boos] I said, how about that guy? Pretty boy.
This is an incredible -- look at all those people back there. This place has grown. Look. Wow. Wow. That's fantastic. I don't know who they are, Matt, but they must be very special, this little group over here. For Matt to block out half the arena for this group of people. I'm trying to figure out, who are they?
Some people call it the "Chinese flu," the "China flu." Right? They call it the "China," as opposed to "Chi-" -- the "China." I've never seen anything like it.
I feel the same way about you. Sounds like a nice guy. Sounds like a nice man. But the votes are coming in and we're way ahead of where we're supposed to be. In fact, in some of the states, we're more than even. And we're not supposed to. We're supposed to be, like, 80/20 behind. And we're even and in some cases says we're ahead.
And I couldn't talk about it because I didn't want to say it. And the next day, something happens. That happened to them, actually, you know. They said, "Well, we're doing good." But they weren't doing good. We're getting beaten up. But they did it. And then they had the attack, like, one day after he made the statement.
Next I will work with Congress to introduce these 10 legislative measures and fight for their passage within the first 100 days of my administration. They include repealing and replacing Obamacare... [Applause]
It's going to take more jobs. It's a very, very bad deal. TPP -- hopefully I'm there. I will end it so fast and we'll make deals with individual countries, not this big web of complicated stuff over 5,000 pages that nobody from our country even reads. Don't forget Obamacare. Thousands and thousands of pages.
Or a Bernie Sanders, or a Biden, or a Kerry, or who made the Iran deal, who I can't imagine they could use Kerry after making the Iran deal. Who could get elected after making one of the worst deals I've ever seen in history? But if this election goes to somebody else and if we go another four years essentially of Barack Obama, you're never going to bring it back.
Not too many of them are nice, right? But she comes out through the doors, and there are her children, but her children are now very grown. Big strong guys, beautiful women, beautiful -- just a big family. And they just embraced. They just embraced. And it was on television all over. And the love, it was just incredible to see.
These craven policies impoverish U.S. communities while enriching human smugglers, traffickers, and vicious criminal cartels. Two hundred and eight House Democrats, nearly 90 percent of the Democrat Caucus, also voted against notifying ICE whenever an illegal alien tries to buy a gun. Meanwhile, Democrats want to confiscate guns from law-abiding Americans, so they're totally defenseless when somebody walks into their house with a gun.
And last quarter we announced GDP. We have not, we have nothing. We have no growth. Our country has no growth. And you hear about that phony jobs number where it's 5%. Five percent? It's not 5%. First of all, we have so many part-time jobs. People in this audience probably, I know people that have worked in a company for 30 years as a full time job, very proud of it. They've been put because of Obamacare, frankly.
There's never been a movement like this. Never been a movement like this. Never. In an interview yesterday, very sad interview actually, Attorney General Merrick Garland, head of Crooked Joe Biden's department of injustice, actually stated that he wanted to speed up the so called election integrity witch hunt against President Trump.
We can't be ripped off by these countries. So NATO is ripping us off militarily. But now, they're starting to pay big money and that's good. We want to help them. We want to be there with them, but they have to pay. They have to pay, $530 billion and the fake news doesn't want even talk about it. They don't want to talk about it. They talk about other things.
Thank you everybody. Thank you. Wow. These crowds. [Audience chants "USA"] These crowds are terrific. Thank you very much. In six days, we are going to win the great state of Florida and we are going to win back the White House. That will happen. But you have to get out, you have to vote. We have to get out there.
Yeah. No, well, he is. He's controlled by people that surround his desk. I believe that. [Audience member calls out "Obama"]
I want to recognize just a few of the exceptional Americans who made this historic feat possible. Keith Pastorino is an electrician here in Rawsonville. Keith, please tell us what you've done, how you like it. Come on up. Let's see, Keith. Oh, look at Keith. [Applause]
She said, "I've never seen anything like it. I've been here for 25 years. I've never seen anything." I got every single thing. Then when Biden came in, he gave away almost all of it, gave away all of it. It's crazy. Ron DeSanctimonious and Nikki Haley and all the rest of the pack will never do what it takes to secure the border.
They're destroying our country. They're destroying our country. It's not even possible that they can be doing what they're doing to our country. They're either really bad people. They don't have a clue. Maybe they're stupid people. But you know what? I'll tell you. Or maybe they just want to get extra voters.
Now look, I guess I'm complaining because it's not fair to the people. The people have to be -- when you look at what happened in Wyoming and what's happening there, when you look at what's happening in Colorado, where the people, where the people never got a chance to vote and they're going nuts out there.
Chuck? [Crosstalk].
We had 59 attacks over the last three or four weeks. They don't say we're not going to hurt anybody. They're trying badly to hurt people. But with me, they said, "We're not going to hurt anybody. We're not going to do anything that's bad. Please understand. Don't get angry at us, please." So that's the way it should be, right?
He promised his plan would reduce premiums by $2,500 dollars. Instead, they surged $5,000.
Can you imagine? They wouldn't be doing that with us. We willfully -- think of it. He terminated my safe third agreements. With a big deal -- safe third is a big deal. He rescinded Title 42. People are allowed into our country that are very sick with disease that can be easily spread, and they're allowed into our country.
If elected, Biden would destroy Social Security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions, people with pre-existing conditions. Drain your Medicare by giving away your healthcare to illegal immigrants. They're all going to come in. If you have that, the problem is, we're going to give you healthcare.
And out of the tens of billions of dollars that we've taken in -- because of the fact that our great American patriot farmers have been targeted by China, they've been targeted, because they know the farmers like Trump -- I love the farmers, so they targeted the farmers and I said to Sonny Perdue, secretary of Agriculture.
If I hire a consultant, I'll hire some guy that, you know, it's terrible, to tell me what's happening, right? They'll charge you a million bucks. They'll give you a report in seven months from now. They have to take a long time otherwise they can't charge as much, right? This guy tells me in two minutes.
I'm not saying please can I have money. Can I have money, please? Can I have money? Can I have money please? Can I have money? Can I have money? I don't want anything I do what's right. I don't want anything I do what's right. I don't want anything I do what's right. So when I want to go with ethanol, I can.
Thank you. Matt, thank you for being here I appreciate I just see you there. Thank you. So think of it. So we have this deal and they just go in. This is the way our country runs. It's the way our country runs. We built an aircraft carrier, and the aircraft carrier has all sorts of problems. It's the Gerald Ford.
The insurance company certainly didn't want it. The labs didn't want it. Nobody wanted it, but nobody -- everybody -- they knew it was good, but they didn't want it. I got everybody into a room and I said, "Listen, we're going to sign an agreement. There's not going to be any liability to anybody." If somebody's terminally ill, they're going to sign a document that they're not going to sue the insurance company.
Despite great outside powers and dangers, our biggest threat remains the sick, sinister, and evil people from within our own country. There is no threat as dangerous to democracy as they are. Just look at the unselect committee of political hacks and what they're doing to our country, while radical left murderers, rapists, and insurrectionists roam free.
And I feel the same way. That's why I'm doin' thi I had a good live before I did this stuff, believe me. My life was very simple and very nice. The Democrat party's war on cops is inciting riots and putting police officers and American families in very grave danger. Unlike Joe Biden, I will always support the heroes of law enforcement.
I think, they consider you like Hillary, they consider you deplorable and irredeemable also. [Audience Boos] The media, the special interest, Wall Street, the career politicians, the system is rigged and I've been saying it for a long time. And believe me, I'm right. But with your help, we're going to beat this system and we're going to unrig the system.
Your magnificent ship is a powerful symbol of peace through strength. And that's what we have now is peace through strength. You look at what's going on, no wars. They're saying, "Wow, the president. Four years, no wars." We stopped the wars and we won, as you know, 100% of the ISIS caliphate in Syria, Iraq.
And they have to cheat because with open borders, no Second Amendment, a bad economy, highest ever inflation, sanctuary cities, a woke bunch of military leaders that don't know what the hell they're doing, an education system that's failed so badly and they don't want to go to the right system, they can't win without doing a lot of bad things.
I tell people. I'm sort of greedy. It's like money, money and money. That's what I do. Money, I care. Now, I'd say... I tell people... I have a friend who's a great guy, from Las Vegas, a very, very powerful guy, very big guy, Phil Ruffin. Very rich guy. He wants to give me $10 million. Another one wants to give me five million dollars.
you can watch those phony Hillary Clinton ads all over television with
And, you know, those are just the places you hear about, but they're taking over large sections of the country. In -- in -- yeah, Colorado. Remember Colorado? They're the ones that started to -- the movement -- the governor -- the weak pathetic governor of Colorado. He's a radical leftist, and he's afraid of the people, the gangs from Venezuela.
He's -- if it wasn't for him, I probably wouldn't be president- elect. But he always would say, Mr. Trump -- Donald
The man who killed her arrived at the border, entered federal custody and then was released into the United States community under the policies of this White House. He was released again and again, after crime after crime and now is at large. Sarah graduated from college just the day before with a 4.0 grade point average, top in her class. She was violently, violently killed. Outstanding young woman. I know her parents; they're incredible.
How did he get so many houses? He never was anything -- he was a politician, made $151. What the hell was it all about? And that's why Lyin' Kamala Harris in San Francisco, a city that she is totally destroyed. That's where she is right now at a fundraiser. I don't know why fundraiser they send her -- they get so much money.
We had Remain in Mexico. You couldn't come into the country. We had catch and release into Mexico, not into the US. We had everything perfect, and then they decided to just blow everything up. It was so sad. Do you think it was easy to get Remain in Mexico for Mexico? Not that easy. Although, they were nasty, but I was much more nasty.
But he said we pay. They don't understand. Japan pays 50% of the cost of the protection. Doesn't Mr. Trump know that. Japan is paying 50% of the costs. Now you know this, if he says 50% it's much less. But when I heard that from one of the dishonest reporters that I do business with, these are the worst.
We have more than anybody. We were in third place and, by the time I left, we were long ago in first place, way, way up. And we were going to supply Europe and Asia. We were going to supply every -- And we were going to make so much money. We were going to pay down our debt $34 trillion. Now it's just terrible.
Our nation salutes its courageous military, which brilliantly executed this operation. Very few people would have been able to do it. It was very complicated and very complex, tough area. We celebrate the safe return home of an American hostage. We've gotten many hostages home. AndI pay nothing, nothing, can't pay.
You tell me but -- I've always remembered that story but it was -- it was true. And he did great and people across the street would build and it would take them longer and their house wouldn't look as good. And it wouldn't be as well-built as my father's houses.
We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And I will put forward a bill that anybody burning or destroying an American flag will go to prison for one year. [Audience responds affirmatively]
This will be a nuclear war and the level of destruction. It's called obliteration. It's not two Army tanks going back and forth, shooting at each other. This is big stuff. And we have a man who's grossly incompetent who doesn't even know where he is, who can't put two sentences together. And this is the man that's telling us what we're going to be doing under Biden.
You have the best numbers in the history of our country in your state. So I don't know. And we won by a lot. And we won by a lot. You know, I was telling Mike, I was telling my son, Eric Trump, and Lara's here, by the way who was born in North Carolina, oh, they do a good job. Lara, do you love this state?
The fact that she got away with all of this could be her single most impressive accomplishment.
So Hispanic-American, the best unemployment numbers in our history, Asian-Americans, the best unemployment numbers in our history. And likewise, women, 74 years, I'm sorry, women, I let you down. It's not in our history, but we're going to be there very soon, we're going to be there very soon. Women are doing incredibly.
Who could possibly have enthusiasm? What are you getting? You turn out winning big league. And I think -- and they're all saying the Trump people are going to turn out. We have a movement like they have never, ever seen in this country. [Applause] And they say in terms of enthusiasm they have never had polling higher.
And it was like playing cards, bing, bing, bing, and they traded every year and every three years somebody would make a lot of money. It was like musical chairs like this and they'd sell it. Then somebody would own it for three or four or five years. Wall Street and they'd sell it. Make a lot of money. Always made a lot of money.
And John and all of his folks are also doing an incredible job protecting our homeland and our border. And I'm thrilled that my first address to the Service Academy is the graduation ceremony for the United States Coast Guard. Believe me, it's a great honor. [Applause] I've been here before and it's a very, very special place. Every cadet graduating today, as your Commander-in-Chief, it is truly my honor to welcome you aboard. [Applause] And you should take a moment to celebrate this incredible achievement.
And I saw him in a debate. I said, I think this guy is going to win. But he fought a pretty popular guy, and I said, I think he's going to win and went heavy for him, and he won. And he won pretty easily, didn't you? Pretty good. I'm proud of you. Great job.
They're dumping. Everybody is being dumped into the United States of America. Every day, Joe Biden is giving aid and comfort to the foreign enemies of the United States. He's actually giving aid, and they don't respect us anymore as a country. Three years ago, we were more respected than ever before, and now they have no respect for us whatsoever.
We're going to build up our military. We should have never been in Iraq. But once we went into Iraq, we should have never left the way we left. We left like fools. We went in. Should have never happened. I didn't want to go from the beginning, and I have proof from the beginning.
If you think about it, I had a nice guy, Dr. Fauci. I had another nice guy, a lot of doctors. They were all telling me, no, no, you don't have to do that, right? Tom knows that very well. You don't have to do that, sir. You don't have to do that. You don't have to do that at all. And you know, one of those things, I was very early and I banned and everybody admits that had I not banned highly infected Wuhan, Wuhan province, right?
He's amazing. He's amazing. His son -- so many colleges wanted his son as he was a good student and he was a great football player. And Jamiel broke his hand, hitting it on the concrete. He was so upset. And so, you know, you can imagine. He was just a very amazing guy and with an amazing family. He brought some of the members of his family over, his sister and his mother.
That's the smaller version of Air Force One, you know that. Yeah. I'm trying to save a couple of bucks for the contract. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our school. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.
Everybody's like a perfect specimen. I said, "Sheriff, you're great, but your family looks even better than you." And I liked him from the moment I met him and I talked to him a little bit. Because this was not an easy one to pull off, let me tell you. We had a lot more people than some people thought.
And not all of the foreign leaders loved me. Why would they? I said, "You have to pay for NATO. You have to take our goods." The trade deals were no good. I redid trade deals and made them great. Mexico, Canada, now both countries, we did the USMCA, which was NAFTA, which was a disaster. We made the USMCA which is great.
You had so many attacks where we trained them, and then we hand them a gun and they turn the gun around. They shoot the sergeants and everybody else there, the Americans. I said, "Well, that was something -- we never had so many attacks like that." We trained them. And as soon as they get a gun that's loaded, they turn it and they shoot everybody.
And obviously they did the big order. It was the biggest order ever. So the farmers love Trump. They should love Trump with what I did with ethanol. And a great poll just came out in Iowa. You saw that, right? Des Moines Register get, "Trump is winning by a lot." By a lot. But, no, I've been great. And I got China to give the farmers $28 billion, because China targeted the farmers.
As I fight to protect our amazing seniors from the China virus, I'm also fighting to protect you from another danger, one which threatens everything we cherish, value, and worked our entire lives to build and to defend. As we gather today, seniors are under threat from a radical-left movement that seeks to destroy the American way of life. We're not going to allow it. [Applause]
You couldn't come in here. You had to remain in Mexico until we decide whether or not you could come in, of which 95%, maybe more than that, couldn't come in. That was me. And Biden ended it. So, I said to this handsome guy, I said, "No, we need 28,000 soldiers immediately. I'm building the wall. The wall will take care of itself, but we need them, especially during the wall." "No, no, no, we will not do that." "Yes, you will." "No, you won't. We won't do it, sir." He said, "No way." I said, "Way, you're going to do it." I said, "I guarantee you, you're going to do it. I guarantee you," he's looking at me like, is this guy crazy?
Can't be -- look, our opponents have gone a difficult route. They're going old-fashioned stuff. We're going to take it right down the middle. We are going to -- we are so different from anybody else in terms of a campaign. First of all, we understand it. They don't understand it. They are blocking your path.
Look, they're moving -- Out of the cities, they're going to move back into the cities. We want that to happen. Right now, they're moving out of the cities because they're crime-infested havens of hate. We're also going to stand up to the radical left communists, Marxists, fascists, and frauds who have taken over our universities.
I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. They've been working on that for 52 years, I did it in two hours. It took two hours. And instead of endless war, we are forging peace in the Middle East. You see what's happening? They're coming in, no blood in the sand, I did it the opposite way.
But I always had this great interest and I'd say, gee, they're going to lower taxes. That's great. That's good. The Democrats want to raise taxes, have open borders, and have sanctuary cities. To me, I don't think that plays about -- what the heck do I know? They want to raise your taxes and the threat is to every child whose school is under siege from these horrible gangs that they would allow in like MS-13. We have taken thousands and thousands of MS-13 gang members the hell out of our country and brought them back to where they came from.
How about he goes out and breaks his leg in a bicycle race. Can you believe this? He's in the middle of negotiating with you and he's got all this stuff on. He's got all deal, all the companies, all deal, the element got everything gone. I promise you, I swear to you. I will never be in a bicycle race during a major negotiation.
But this time they're using weaponization of Department of Justice, going to see the local DAs go in to see the attorney generals to cheat. But the border is a big deal, and this is somehow caught on. So everybody wants to hear the snake. Okay, can you hear me in the back? You know, I wish, I wish the cameras would focus on the people here, they never show it. They never take -- Even the sort of friendly ones.
We just finished a big one, $40 billion with Japan. On January 15th, we're signing a monster, a big beautiful monster, $40 to $50 billion to our farmers. That's -- our farmers will take it in. I keep saying, go buy larger tractors. Go buy larger tractors. I said this, no way. I don't know if you know the story.
Members of both parties -- it happens to be in the automobile industry. That's a good industry. [Laughter] Members of both parties should agree that we need a tax code that keeps jobs in our country and brings jobs back to our country. [Applause]
You want to know that, too, I do. Early voting is beginning and get underway. It's all underway right now in Pennsylvania, and Erie County is starting in the coming days. You know, Erie County was known as a Democrat area until Trump came along. And then they said, "What the hell?" Right, David? They said, "What the hell happened to Erie County?" Well, we love you.
That doesn't mean that they're not going to go around. These people are stone-cold crazy. And it doesn't mean they don't go around blowing up a store and blowing up some. They are just nuts, but we took 100%, and when I took over this helm, this great country, we were way behind, you had to see. I showed the map, it was all so much ISIS, and within a short period of time we wiped it out, the caliphate.
But here's the story. So they want to start a third party and they want to put a couple of clowns in there that will take away enough votes that we won't be able to beat Hillary, right? So this will mean, let me just think of it, we lost a great Justice. Justice Scalia. My sister is a high judge and she knew Justice Scalia and she said he was a great man.
Something new to our ears, cancel culture. And I want you to know that I'm going to continue to fight right by your side. We will do what we've done right from the beginning, which is to win. We're not starting new parties. You know, they kept saying, "He's going to start a brand-new party." We have the Republican Party.
They want to execute the baby. They have laws. You look at the governor -- the former governor of Virginia, execute the baby after birth. We will decide. You remember? But you can't do that in the eighth month and the ninth month. They are the radical ones. Every voter has got to go with his heart and do what's right.
We will launch a new age of American ambition in space. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to plant its beautiful flag on Mars. This is the unifying national agenda that will bring our country together. So tonight, I say to all Americans, this is the most important election in the history of our country.
Remember the exit polls? The exit polls. They come out, Who did you vote for? None of your business. A hundred percent, those people are for Trump. We love those people. We love them. We love those people.
And then they said on election night that this superseded even Andrew Jackson. So you won it. It's yours. And we're doing well. We're doing well. We are producing and doing even better than we said we would. It's been amazing. This election is about your families, your values, and what kind of country you want to leave for your children.
How guilty is she?
And I'm gaining a lot of experience very fast. I have a lot of experience. And I had a lot of experience because I was in your business. And you do everything. You build, you lease, you rent, you negotiate, you deal with foreign people, you deal with people that live right next door -- you do everything.
And she got over that weight, and she was going to break it. They put a half an ounce here, half little tiny ring on top of these big barbells, dumbbells. And they go, and she went like this. She got to break it, stood for 11 years. And her mother and father is screaming, "You got it. You got it, darling.
So they are gone. And we are going to build a wall, and it is going to be a real wall. It's not one of these little walls where they ride jeeps over the top loaded up with drugs, and screw up our cities and the lives of our children and everybody else. There's going to be a real wall.
The United States is a compassionate nation and has spent billions and billions of dollars in helping to support this effort. We seek an approach to refugee resettlement that is designed to help these horribly treated people and which enables their eventual return to their home countries.
Take a look at Orlando -- take a look at Orlando, how disgusting that was. Take a look at the World Trade Center and so many other places. Go to the probably toughest gun laws anywhere in the world, go to Paris and take a look at that, 130 people gunned down. You know, if people had guns, on the other side where the bullets are flying in the other direction, like you sir, you sir, you and you, ma'am. [Applause]
Who would ever thought this was going to happen? I thought he was negotiating. He had 150,000 soldiers on the border. I said, oh, he's going to make a great deal. He could have made a great deal. I believe, when he saw what happened in Afghanistan, the way we ran -- and, you know, when I was running that, 18 months, we didn't have one soldier killed in 18 months.
Not going to be tough. Not going to be tough.
Wow, what a job. What beautiful words. Can you imagine? I don't think it's her first language and she spoke better than any person whose language is that particular language. That was incredible. Wow. And I can tell you, Carmen, that Mimi is looking down on you right now and she is so proud. She's up there in the beautiful sky well beyond the clouds, and she is so proud of you.
Our campaign is taking on big business, big media, and big donors. We're taking them on for you. That's why I'm into this thing for many millions. Where am I, over $60 million now? Over $60. Oh, oh, am I going to feel badly if on November 8th -- can you imagine?
And, ladies and gentlemen, our ancestors built the most exceptional republic ever to exist in all of human history, and we are making it greater than ever before. This is our glorious and magnificent inheritance. We are Americans. We are pioneers. We are the pathfinders. We settled the New World, we built the modern world, and we changed history forever by embracing the eternal truth that everyone is made equal by the hand of Almighty God. America is the place where anything can happen.
Good morning. Thank you, Christine, for that kind introduction. I also want to thank the Marcellus Shale Coalition, the Ohio Oil and Gas Association, and the West Virginia Oil and Natural Gas Association for inviting me to join you here today. Your organizations represent tens of thousands of jobs for hardworking Americans.
So now we have the same situation and that's gonna be a big bog down that's gonna be bogged down. And I can see already what's gonna happen with Russia and they think it's gonna be easy, it's not going to be easy and Russia doesn't want ISIS. I know they're hitting the other targets right now too, and we're supposed to be fighting, fighting for the rebels, but nobody knows who the rebels are, right. Remember Libya and how bad Qaddafi was and we're gonna fight for the rebels, well, then the rebels killed our ambassador in the worst way.
And you know, I say it a lot our country doesn't win anymore. And I have another way of saying, I have another way, I said something, we don't win anymore, right? We don't win anymore. We lose all the time. But it doesn't sound as good. Our country doesn't win anymore. We don't win. We don't win with the military.
It's got to be fair trade. It's got to be smart trade. We've got to do something. We've got to get something. I have friends that are manufacturers. They cannot get their products into China. China dumps everything over here. We don't charge them tax. We don't charge anything. I have friends that are absolutely great manufacturers.
We probably -- our guys, they don't even re -- I don't even think they read it. I do -- just like Obamacare, which by the way we're going to repeal and replace, OK? Disaster. [Inaudible] It's a disaster. Do you know that our politicians, there's practically a politician in Washington that even read that monstrous agreement.
They're coming in by the millions. That's why this November, the people of Michigan are going to tell Crooked Joe Biden, "Biden, you're fired. Get out of here." The worst president in our history. There's never been anybody like him. In the past three years, the average Michigan family has lost $20,000 or $30,000. Think of this, $20,000 to $30,000, thanks to the Biden inflation tax.
Remember that. But Ron DeSanctus, I got him elected. When you talk about branding, I saw him -- I think it was NBC the other day, and it was NBC straight for a change. That's about 3% of the time. And they were doing, "Ladies and gentlemen, it's a great honor to have with us Governor Ron DeSanctus of Florida." And he goes, "Arrrgh, It's DeSantis." In other words, when you can get somebody's name changed, that's called a good brand, Governor Ron DeSanctus.
We mourn for every life lost to the China virus, and in their memory -- in their sacred memory. We truly do. We weep. We mourn. Should've never happened. We will defeat the virus, and emerge stronger and more unified than ever before. That's all we can say. We're going to be more unified than ever before.
That means that if China or any other country makes us pay a 100% or 200% tariff, which, in many cases, they do, we will make them pay a reciprocal tariff of 100% to 200%. We don't do that. We've done it on individual cases where I was able to get it done, but we're going to do it for everybody when they charge us. A lot of countries -- not only China, but you have a lot of countries, they'll sell a motorbike, they'll put a tariff on Harley-Davidsons going into India of 150%, and they sell Indian -- what's called Indian motorbikes, lesser level, and we put a tariff on them of nothing.
Instead of providing free healthcare and jobs to millions of refugees, we need to rebuild our inner cities and take care of Americans.
We have some warriors with us and people that are busy with us through the fake impeachment hoax, that was one of the great hoaxes. And don't forget, we have done and Ron understands that better than maybe anybody, we've done more in three and a half years than any administration, first three and a half years than any administration in the history.
And you don't want a politically correct president because it takes too much long. Takes too much time. It's true. It's true. You don't want this political correctness stuff. Now, I hear there's a certain college. I won't say it's in your state. But they don't want you to differentiate between a man and a woman.
You know, I won in 2016 on the border. [Audience member calls out "Yup"] It was one of the big things. I mean, I won in a lot of reasons, but I won on the border. I won because I stopped people from coming on and killing our country with trade or the -- you know, the various countries, mostly known as our friends.
But now the judge lets him go and now they find out he's ISIS-related or could be ISIS-related. Certainly, he's not in love with our country, that I can tell you. OK? And we got to get tougher folks, and we got to get smarter. We have to get smarter. You know? [Applause] You know, we had we had a case where -- at the last debate before this -- did I win that debate?
Anybody that did any business with Iran could not do business with the United States. I told President Xi of China, "If you do business with Iran, if you buy one barrel of oil from Iran, you're not doing any more business with the United States, and I'm going to put on tariffs of 200 percent." And China didn't buy anything.
Has anybody ever heard of Barack Hussein Obama? Do you remember Rush Limbaugh? He'd say, "Ladies and gentlemen, today, we'll be talking about Barack Hussein Obama." That was right. We miss Rush. We miss Rush. He got the Presidential Medal of Freedom that beautiful night. Do you remember that?
And for the millions of small businesses and farms that file their taxes as sole proprietors, S corporations or partnerships, we will cap the tax rate they pay at 25 percent -- much lower. Big difference. [Applause] This will be the lowest top marginal income tax rate for small and mid-size businesses in this country in more than 80 years. [Applause]
Guess what? It was 550%. It was more, 550% more than Obama coming in. And many of these countries, they want to kill gays and they enslave women. And Hillary Clinton wants them pouring in. You tell me, who's better for gays? Who is better? Tell me. Who is better for women? Who is better for women? [Audience chants "Trump"] And what happened to the LGBT community over the weekend?
I love you. I've never voted before. I've never had the incentive to vote before." And we have -- we have, I think., I guess ultimately millions of people come in. They've never -- you know what a great thing that is for our democracy when you think about it? These are people these are smart people these are great people.
And so, so important, a common sense. And then somebody told me today that somebody else, I think Walker used my term. You know Walker used -- I said Make America Great Again. I said Make America Great Again. And I copyrighted the term and then Walker was making a speech many months ago when he first started and he was saying, Make America Great Again because he saw the response I got.
We got 'em both. They were both beauties, weren't they? But the era of economic surrender is over. America is not being taken advantage of any more. Sorry. America is respected again. America is respected again. Last week, I announced that we are replacing NAFTA with an incredible brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement called USMCA.
This will be maybe the greatest deal of them all, period. And I want to thank all of you and all of these great nations and this region for what it's gone through and all of the fights it's had, uh, life over death and hope over strife and harmony over hatred. That's what we want. We want it to be that way because together we're gonna forge a magnificent, great and enduring peace.
Do we agree? I think we did. No, he ran Newark into the ground, now he's out there acting, "Oh, it's so wonderful, great. Oh, I dream of these people every night. The only thing I worry about is that some total unknown that nobody ever heard of comes along, but you know what, honestly, with what we've done on jobs on our country and our military, we're going to talk about our veterans what we've done.
And I think he broke the record by like 28 seconds or some ridiculous number. Now this is crazy. And it's very demeaning to women. And the amazing thing is the women on the teams all know this, and they're all afraid to speak up, not all. There's a couple that do, but mostly they're afraid to speak up. They don't think it's appropriate to speak up. But it's not going to matter because we're going to end that so fast.
They knew. And I didn't need Beyonce and Jay-Z, and I didn't need a little Bruce Springsteen and all of these people but they'd come in because you couldn't get a crowd. They'd come in that thing, they got Bruce Springsteen, OK? He'd do about two songs and leave. What happens is they leave and then everyone leaves with him, and she's still speaking in front of the same lousy crowd.
Why does Kemp, in Georgia, not want that? I can tell you why. Just like in France, they just had a big election, there were no problems, we should have one-day voting with only paper ballots and absentee ballots accepted only from distant military, distant, distant military service members or people who are very sick and they can't vote, okay, which is a very small number of people.
The NRA endorsed me. The NRA a few weeks ago endorsed me. I believe, it's the earliest endorsement in the history of these races. And we are going to protect our Second Amendment. We're going to protect our Second Amendment.
So, much -- our country would be so different, and the world would be so different. But it's not. So, we have to make it great. We're going to make it great. We're going to do it as quickly as we can. On my first day back in the Oval Office, I will sign a historic slate of executive orders to close our border to illegal aliens and stop the invasion of our country.
And people, Klaus, have a lot more money in their paycheck -- because it's not just a little money, this is a lot of money for people making a living doing whatever they may be doing. And we really though February 1st it was going to kick in and everybody was going to be -- well, we haven't even gotten there yet and it's kicked in. And it's had an incredible impact on the stock market and the stock prices. We've set 84 records since my election -- record stock market prices, meaning we hit new highs 84 different times out of a one-year period.
And they've -- the opposite. You know, somebody could have said, "Well, we're going to do it someplace else until" -- they have actually recommitted. They're going to make it bigger and better than ever. So, I want to let you know that. But I got -- I had the Olympics. So, I got the Olympics. I got the World Cup, and I said -- and the 250, but that one I didn't get.
But he does this nice, you know, this nice routine. Yeah. I want to be the grown up in the room. I want to be. But he didn't start out that way. Do you remember the first two debates?
Now, that's good for everybody. It's good for your 401 [K)s and it's good for jobs. And it's good for -- those are the ones that I think about first: jobs, 401(k]s. And people are making a lot of money and people are getting tremendous -- you'll be investing some of your money in this now. You'll be doing fantastically well and you're going to have 401(k)s or something -- the equivalent.
He's training them. And I've been reading about this for two years. I think, "Oh, that's wonderful. Let's take a look at it." But then, I realized, he's not training them. He's sending all of his criminals, his drug dealers, his people that are in jails. He's sending them all to the United States. And he's different in that he doesn't say that.
We should've won that state very easily. We have a similar type of governor, I think, but I'll let you know that in about a week. In one Michigan county -- And by the way, when Laura Ingraham interviewed your governor, he said he was an "offensive lineman". I said, "That's strange. He doesn't look like an offensive lineman to me." In one Michigan county, using Dominion Voting Systems, nearly 6,000 votes were discovered that were wrongly switched from Trump to Biden.
It's called corporate inversions. They don't even know what the words mean. So they've been talking about it for years. So here's what we do. I get him on the phone and I say good luck, sir, good luck with your new plant in Mexico. I hope you do fantastically, but as you know, you've terminated 1,400 people.
Thank you. In the months ahead we will need every ounce of your strength and drive and patriotism. We're in a fight for the survival of our nation and civilization itself. We are really in a fight. This is the most important election we've ever had in my opinion. And I used to say it and I'd say it with great conviction, 2016 but you know what?
We can't let this happen. We can't let this happen. Yet, this is only the beginning of the irregularities the Arizona audit is uncovering. The authors and the auditors have collected a sworn affidavit stating that county election workers lowered signature-matching standards from 20 points of comparison to 10 to five, and eventually down to zero.
They can't play the role. They'll bring in a big actor, and you look, you say, "Oh, he's got no muscle content. Got no muscle. We need a little muscle." Then they bring in another one, but he's got a weak face. He looks weak. No. These guys have the whole package, unfortunately, for our country. I watched one of them shouting at a judge, "I kill you. I kill you when I get out. I kill you."
Thank you. Thank you very much. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Thank you very much. This is the most important election in the history of the United States, and it's also the most important election in the history of Israel. Can you imagine that, a non-Israeli election is the single most important election that Israel will ever have? Isn't that something? With all I have done for Israel, I received only 24 percent of the vote.
Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration, which now, we're already doing. We're already doing a lot of it. We've got to get loopholes. You know, you need their votes, we have loopholes, like, visa lottery. We put names in a lottery and they come in and they become American citizens.
I said, "You're going to leave. Take the oil. Take the oil." I kept saying it. And they said, "You can't take the oil. What a terrible thing. This is a sovereign country." This is a country who has blown off the face of the earth. Sovereign. You had the leaders that we left behind were totally corrupt. That were totally corrupt.
There was no reason for it. Now they go outside, they see a private doctor, we pay the bill, they get better quickly. And for 46 years VA Accountability you couldn't fire anybody in the VA. We had sadists. They took advantage in so many ways of our great veterans. They were rough, they wouldn't have hit them in prime time by the way, not in prime time.
But Hillary said about Japan -- because Japan, we're defending Japan you know that, right? Now, in all fairness before [Inaudible] put yourself back three years ago. Did anybody know that we defend Japan? Raise your hand who knew. All right, there's about 12 percent.
[Audience Boos] Ten of Nevada's 16 counties will have only Obamacare. And think of it, you can have one, exchange insure to choose from. They are in a very good position to negotiate with you, aren't they? Now with Trump, we're going to get rid of it and we're going to have health care that is so good and so much less expensive because Obamacare forgetting about the costs which is ridiculous.
So, right. Young man and a great man. Grew up right here. Thank you very much, Max. And JR Majewski, he suffered a lot of false, false statements. And I just want to tell you, everyone knows they -- All of the people that I've just named, they have my complete and total endorsement. You know that. And they treated JR very unfairly.
Marsha is running against a far-left liberal, and you're finding that out finally, named Phil Bredesen. The hand-picked candidate of Chuck Schumer. Schumer begged Phil to run because he knows that Phil will always do what Schumer says and always, always do what Nancy Pelosi wants him to do. Phil will block pro-Constitution judges.
We don't want to hurt business or anything. So, we'll get people. We'll get the people in. If our people don't want to take the jobs -- and I understand that. You know, there are people that don't want certain jobs, and I get it. But we're going to get the people in. We're going to make this country so dynamic.
know Jacobson good company i use Jacobson to i use a lot you know how
That'll be an interesting one. Let's go after Trump because he's questioning the election. You know what? If I won or lost, all I want is a fair election. That's all you want. But I have no doubt that we won, and we won big. Listen to these numbers. These are Georgia numbers, and these come from the state.
I like that guy a lot. I like a lot of the people in the audience a lot. I like the people in this room. We have the same basic philosophy. We have the same thoughts, what's not to like? But I'll also be placing tariffs on steel, aluminum and copper and things that we need for our military things. We have to bring production back to our country.
Say it. Unidentified
I never said I was going to do Space Force. And we're reclaiming a very proud heritage as a manufacturing nation again. Do you remember when the previous administration -- the head of the previous administration -- I won't mention names; I'm sure you'll never guess the name. But said that you'd need a magic wand to create manufacturing jobs.
It will be my priority to work with communities, local police, state police and federal law enforcement to dismantle the gangs and to liberate our citizens from violence and poverty and fear. I will appoint the best judges and prosecutors and federal investigators who will make this their personal mission.
The moment is going to be November 8. It's very simple. And we will. We've just begun to fight. They even want to try and rig the election at the polling booths where so many cities are corrupt and voter fraud is all too common. And then, they say, "Oh, there's no voter fraud in our country. There's no voter fraud." No, no there's no voter fraud.
Friend or -- friend or foe? Friend or foe? Well, he's got a very weak voice, so you could let him stay. But just be good, sir. Be nice. Be nice. We all love you. You're on the other side.
She was in charge of defund the police. She's a radical left. She's further left than Crazy Bernie Sanders. OK, that's pretty fun. No, she's considered worse than Pocahontas. She's worse than Pocahontas. She's worse than Bernie Sanders. How the hell do you people -- is anybody -- OK. Is there anybody here that's going to vote for Lyin' Kamala? Please raise your hand. [Audience boos]
First I said that's not nice. I'm unpredict -- then I said wait a minute, he meant that as a compliment. And I called him, I said What did you mean by that? He said I think that's the greatest compliment I can pay. We could not figure you out. You came at us from 15 different angles. So with Obama when he announces that we're leaving Iraq on a certain date.
It's not fair because it was a long --" That doesn't work. But more importantly, he choked, something happened to him in the last month. He had that election won. And let me tell you something, that election, sort of like a dealmaker that can't close a deal. I know many of those guys. They get it up to the one yard line, they go, [Inaudible] "I can't close it." And -- or a golfer that can't sink the three footer to win the tournament.
African American families, Hispanic American families, their jobs are being taken. Unrelated to you, but their jobs are being taken. What's happening at our border -- and she's in charge. And now, she's sort of saying, "Well, I wasn't really involved too much with the border. I wasn't involved." And even better, now she's saying, "Oh, well, we actually had strong borders."
And we're going to turn that around. You know, in Tennessee, a great state that I won by the way, by a tremendous -- You know, when I won, of course most of them of all fairness, so far I like it. But -- but when I win them I feel like a warm spot. Now, March 8th, Tuesday you got to do me one favor. You I'm self funding my campaign.
And here's what's gonna happen, we're gonna start winning again, OK? Because right now, when was the last time -- just think about it. When was the last time the United States won at everything? We're losing at war. We're losing at war. We're losing a trade with everybody. We're losing with everybody. This isn't China.
But think about it. I used to say four years, I said four years. Now, we're saying two and a half years. Soon, we're going to be saying two years. We have in November, we have it all happening. And then we're going to say two years. And then we're going to be at one year. It's happening fast. When I said four years, that was too long.
I know. I heard $8. I didn't even want to say it because I can't believe it. But you have, yeah, $8 gasoline in some parts of your area. And all over the country, gasoline is going way up. Don't forget, they kept it artificially low by taking the oil out of and the gas out of the strategic oil reserves. That's meant for wars.
For our part, America is committed to adjusting our strategies to meet evolving threats and new facts. We will discard those strategies that have not workedand will apply new approaches informed by experience and judgment. We are adopting a Principled Realism, rooted in common values and shared interests.
We need something far more than that. Now, I'll say something that a lot of Republicans disagree with me on but they really don't. Again, my friends at the Tea Party they did a poll and 78% of them -- Now, these are Tea Party people, these are people that love the country, OK? They love the country more than -- I mean, more than most, OK? 78% of those people said don't touch my Medicare, Medicaid, or Social Security.
Not easy to get. When I went to the president, I said, you have to give us 28,000 soldiers while we're building the wall. And remember when I used to say Mexico will pay for pieces of the wall, but you can't do it legally. It's a little hard for them to pay for a wall that we own. You know, it's not that easy.
In 2020, I was honored to earn the highest percentage of Latino votes of any Republican in really decades. Decades, I think, right? Ronny? And I became the first Republican to win Zapata County in a hundred years. Zapata, 100 years. But it's true. That's a great honor. These are great people. These are hardworking people.
So, they gave me something that I couldn't accept. CNN, fake tapper, right? Fake tapper. [Audience boos]
She's a terrific woman, Tudor Dixon. Thank you, Tudor. Ambassador Joe Sella. Thank you, Joe. Good job you're doing, Joe. Very important person in this room, Michigan GOP Chairman. Where are you? OK. Pete Hoekstra. Oh, there he is. I fought like hell for him to take that job, right, Pete? I said, Pete, you got to do it. Such a -- how are we doing, Pete?
And by the way, Yemen -- the war that Obama thought he won, remember a year ago? Oh So the enemy takes over, 2,300 Humvees. Now, when I saw the numbers, I said, No No, no. 2,300 armor-plated Humvees. Better than what we have.
This is the one that's hardest to believe of all. America has lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization. You people know -- New England, boy do you know it. Another Bill and Hillary-backed disaster. We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world, and that's what it is when you think. We have a one way highway right into Mexico and these other places. They take our jobs and they take our money, they take out cash. You know what we get out of it? Drugs and unemployment. It's going to end, don't worry about it, folks. Don't even think about it. It's going to end. [Applause]
It's become sort of a big story. I put out a statement and so many politicians are calling me, thank you for that statement. I put it out on a thing called Truth Social. It's the hottest platform. It's also where I speak. It's hot and it's truth. Everyone said you'll never get the name truth. I said, let's try it. Sir, don't bother.
Together we're reawakening the warrior spirit and this is a spirit that won and built this nation. From the cavalry that tamed the Great Plains to the ferocious, unyielding power of Patton, Bradley and the great General Douglas MacArthur -- these were all great men. In this effort we're a team. And so, my message to you is very simple.
I can't tell you. In 2016, I said, that's going to be the most important election ever. 2020, we thought we won. I mean, I didn't talk about the election too much because I thought we won that election so easy we were going to win it. And what they did was beyond any belief. They used COVID in order to cheat.
So it's just -- it's sad. And I -- I just -- you know, I -- I leave you with this because -- and then we're going to take some questions. But we've had some pretty good people representing us over the years. I'll tell you. We've had some very, very great people. And let me tell you what they said about trade because these are our finest, OK? And we also have -- one other thing, I -- I just want to, and I think I have to say this.
And we have to say together, and we have to be strong, we have to take care of everyone. The two people that were killed in Louisiana and Minnesota, it was tough, it was tough to watch. For everybody here it was tough to watch. We have figure it out. We have to figure out what's going on.
They pay essentially no tax. And we subsidize their military. When I say subsidize, I'm not talking about like for 2 percent. We pay for 70 percent of their military. Nobody knows this! And I said to the prime minister, who's a great guy, I said, how come? And he honestly says, nobody ever asked. When we straighten out this, we have so much potential.
Because if you have a smart president, you'll be able to handle them very well. But Kamala Harris, Lyin' Kamala is called the tax queen because she loves taxes. So, maybe just watch this video. Thank you. [Beging videotape]
But I think my my best day on apprentice was really -- because again, as I said before, Jerry, I knew nothing about ratings, but when I found out that I was the No. 1 show on television, I said, can you believe --  I said, think of my father, think what he'd -- my father had passed away before that, I said, "I'm a movie star, I'm a television star." This was not supposed to be in my agenda.
NBC. Probably worse than CNN. NBC. But we were going to watch it. We're going to watch the Evening News. So we'll watch second place NBC. You know, it is. In second place. They spend all this money on PR and then I hit them hard. But they are bad. I said, "First lady, wait till you see it. Nobel Peace Prize.
This is impossible. I have really low blood. Can you imagine if I had high blood pressure, would I be in trouble? I wouldn't be. I would have exploded someplace about 20 years ago. It's true. No, I have low blood pressure. Can you -- nobody believes I have low blood pressure. I have great temperament and you need great temperament.
We have to bring back religion in America, bring it back stronger than ever before as our country grows stronger and stronger. Our country is now the hottest nation anywhere in the world. One year ago, our country was dead. And I say it, one year ago our country was dead. We had leaders from all over the world that talked to me. They'd say your country is in trouble.
Do you see yourself? Maybe not. That might -- (laughs) He's going, "I don't know about that." That might be a step too far. Right? Omar. He'll be having lunch with Ilhan Omar, who truly hates our country, but she's one of the reasons we're going to win the -- the great state of -- We're going to win. We're going to win because of Ilhan.
You have four more years of security, and I will also rescue the ethanol industry by canceling crooked Joe Biden's insane ethanol-killing electric vehicle mandate on day one. Everything has to be elected. Electric cars, they don't go far. They cost too much. They're all going to be made in China. The United Auto Workers, they're going to all be voting for Trump, because they're -- This mandate's going to kill all jobs, all jobs.
Think of this. You put a piece of your life, you built this great thing and you put a piece of your life, New York City, where we did so well, in the hands of a radical left lunatic judge from the clubs. He's a Democrat Club politician. He's now been overturned four times. He's been overturned more than any judge in New York State, and I got this guy is a judge.
Club for growth? David, stand up please. He's now with us 100%. He's with us 100%. Thank you. Thank you. Good to have you, man. Now, did they show you the picture of Mitt Romney? He's like Kryptonite. If you touch Mitt Romney, you go down. I had a certain senator, I won't say which one. I endorsed him. He took a 44 point lead.
What I want is common sense. I want a mainstream immigration policy that promotes American values. That's a choice I put before the American people. A mainstream immigration policy designed to benefit America or Hillary Clinton's radical immigration policy designed to benefit politically correct special interests. That's all it is. We've got to get smart and tough and vigilant and we've got to do it now because later is too late -- going to be too late for our country.
He got a fortune. I mean, they pay him a fortune. What the hell is he going to do? How is he going to go against China? They'll say, you go against us and we're going to tell you all the money that we paid you and your family, they're extorting him. In my opinion, they're extorting him. And I will hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable for unleashing the China virus upon the world.
State representatives, Craig Johnson, Anne Osmundson. I love that name. Mark Cisneros, Steve Bradley, Derek Wulf, Heather Hora, Brad Sherman, Cindy Golding. And by the way, you know what we're going to do a little bit later if we have a little time left? Which I think we will. We'll take a few questions.
So, I called up Elon, and I was saying, "Elon, we're in North Carolina. The people are really -- it's devastation here. It's unbelievable." They have no communication to the mainland. It's like it cut it off. It's incredible. The water was never -- we've never seen anything like that. I said, "Elon, Starlink."
Be presidential. So I was pretty presidential in the last debate. Now, I actually thought that the other debates were much better. Personally. I think they were much more interesting. But I was presidential and I won that debate too. So you can win them all different ways. But look, we have a country that is in a lot of trouble.
We will wage war upon the cartels and stop the fentanyl and deadly drugs from killing 200,000 Americans per year. And I will ask Congress for legislation ensuring that drug dealers and human traffickers, these are terrible, terrible, horrible people who are responsible for death, carnage and crime all over our country.
But they can't question me because when you see right to try, we took care of our vets. We just got a 91% approval rating from the vets, 91%. It's never happened before. We got choice approved, we got accountability approved, drugs are way down. We got a little setback with this whole situation, where, you know, these shutdowns caused a lot of problems with drugs.
They don't say what it's all about. All they do is they show these little snippets. They do whatever they can to make him look best. So what I'm going to do, I'm not going to tell anymore jokes. I'm not going to kid. Oh, you want me to? You want me to? OK. OK, so I will. Just as long -- no it's true. And then my opponents do commercials where they take a two-second snippet.
Again, Iran had no money. They were broke. We would have left Afghanistan with dignity and strength instead of our greatest embarrassment and history with the loss -- and I'm so sorry but the loss of your children and your family. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done.
Then, amazingly, the same thing happened in Saudi Arabia -- it's called no respect.
All right. That's good. That's good.
They were looking for the Mediterranean. You know what the Mediterranean -- that was a long ways away. They wanted to take over the whole Middle East. Right now, they just want to survive. And we've recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Together we've made extraordinary progress, and we are just getting started.
For many years, for decades, and was just walking the streets. And yet, he was a man who killed many Jewish people; many, many thousands of Jewish people. And they've been trying to get him out of this country for decades. And we got him out.
I could have told them that. I actually asked the architect, "Have you ever built a ship before? It's unbelievable. You heard this story last night about Air Force 1. We saved a lot of money. I said to Boeing, "No, it's got to have a three in front of it." They were going to buy Air Force 1. 5.7 billion, 5.7 billion, it's a lot of money, but it's -- Look, it's a hell of a deal, it's a hell of a plane.
It's not fair to the people that are veterans or the people that are serving. So we're going to take care. But here's the story, folks. Right. We don't win anymore. The truth is we know. We don't win anymore. When we used to win. We don't win anymore. We don't win in any level. We lose in everything. We don't win, we going to win with me, you better believe it. You're going to win me. [Audience cheering] You better believe it. I mean, my family has going to say, before my family says, "What do you do this for?" That's a lot of work.
Now Bernie won't go down in history. You know why? Because he made a deal with the devil. Had Bernie not made that deal, he would have gone down as a major footnote in political history. Bernie sold out to the devil. He sold out to the devil. I mean his ideas are different than ideas other than he knew we were being ripped off on trade, which he's right about.
And we believe that all Americans of every background are created free and equal by the hand of Almighty God. Let them say that. These are the principles we're fighting to defend each and every day. Over the past two years, the world has seen the radical left's agenda in action, and it's been very sad to watch.
He got elected, and they announced he's getting the Nobel Prize. I got elected in a much bigger, better, crazier election, but they gave him the Nobel Prize. "Ladies and gentlemen, the Nobel Prize will be won by Barack Hussein Obama." [Audience boos] Right? Barack Hussein Obama got the Nobel Prize. He didn't even know what -- he actually asked, "Why did I get it? Does anybody know?" Right at the beginning, the early seconds of his administration, and he didn't do a good job either.
What's going on terrorism? Is that a - just a horrible, horrible level that a - just a horrible, horrible level that a - just a horrible, horrible level. People don't feel safe, poles are coming, people don't feel safe, poles are coming, people don't feel safe. Poles are coming out saying they feel more unsafe right out saying they feel more unsafe right out saying they feel more unsafe right now than they have at any time.
It's not everybody's fault except China. It came in and you're hearing it could be 40% to 38%, whatever. So they just announced that 7.8% unemployment. We're going to be back to where we were very soon unless you put a fool into office who's going to raise your taxes and put back all the regulations where every company is going to leave.
By the way, leading by far, I have to say. DeSanctus is gone. DeSanctus is gone. He's just about over. I think if he ever made a comeback, it would be the greatest comeback in political history. He's gone. I endorsed him. He was gone before I endorsed him. I endorsed him. You know that, right? I endorsed him, I said, "All right." He came in crying, "Please, please, you'll do it." I said, "You couldn't get -- you're so far behind you couldn't win.
It's time. It's time. And I'll tell you, whether it's on trade, whether it's on military, whether it's at the border, the last person these other countries want to see as president of the United States -- because I'm going to be fighting for you, not fighting for them. I'm gonna be fighting for you -- is Donald J. Trump, the last person.
Some big polls are coming out today and tomorrow, but don't even look at them. Just assume that they're terrible. Because if they're terrible, you're gonna go vote more so. I give you my word. Look, we are going to do such a great job. You're gonna be so proud of this country. You're gonna be so proud of your president.
And with that, with me when I use it, nobody criticizes me, they expect me, they gave up, okay, with him, they killed him, they just killed him, it didn't stop and then he blamed the Asians he said, you know, did you see that? I want to build a wall. Okay, so easy, it's so easy when this clown, Jose Reyes, or whatever the hell is, no, no he's a baseball player, Ramos, actually Jose Reyes, a baseball player, he's a nice baseball -- But when Ramos got up the other day screaming and ranting and rate going crazy and I had all these reporters, actually the reporters were mostly myself because they were all had their hand up and this guy starts screaming. So I even had liberal people from CBS. I actually said to the CBS guy, yes, and this guy stands up and starts screaming.
But the lawless demonstrators -- and they are, they're all Democrat-run cities and states, almost every single one of them, and they don't want to really take care of it. They don't want to take care of law enforcement. They want to cut -- do you see what's going on in Seattle? First of all, the police who we love, they're all quitting.
All together, we are going to --
Sticks and stones, if they had to use them, give me a stick and give me a stone. They wouldn't allow this to happen to a country, even at a third world level. And, I hate to tell you, our country is becoming third world. That's what's happening to us. Biden, Pelosi and the radical Democrats spend all their time obsessing over the borders of distant foreign nations.
They want to kill each other. These guys have a great feeling, very smart people, too. Congratulations on all that you've accomplished. This room is amazing. The people in this room, high-IQ individuals. I'm running against a low-IQ individual, her. I'm not even talking about him, her. I got a low-IQ individual.
His campaign was all lies. He talked about energy. I thought -- I said, "You know, this guy, actually, he's OK with energy." He wasn't OK with energy. He wants to put you all out of business. He's not OK with energy. He wants windmills, the windmills, the windmills that don't work when you need them. Joe Biden has had the most disastrous first month of any president in modern history.
And Biden came in and said, we don't want to finish the wall. It would have taken three weeks to finish the additional sections of wall that I didn't even promise, but I wanted to get done because we needed them in those areas. But the wall worked in Mexico, worked -- and they gave us 28,000 soldiers for free.
They want to increase your taxes. They want to increase your taxes, so they can spend it on the Green New Deal. [Audience boos] It's another beauty. I could not sit idly by and watch career politicians like Joe Biden continue bleeding this country dry and that's what it is. You know you can say whatever you want, you can say whatever you want, but when you have a kid that follows in his father -- and by the way, take a look at his brother.
I said, well what's the difference between the two billion version and the one, 350,000? He said, "Sir, honestly, the 350 will have a better location. A better building. It's actually better." Now who would believe stories like this, huh? And I actually told him, I did something, I think congressman, I've ever done in my life.
Wisconsin was incredible. They never came to me and said, sir, you can't let this happen. They'll stop reordering, they're not ordering from us. They never said it. Do you know what they said? The President is right. At some point, we have to put up a stand and I didn't hear one even from fake CNN. They put people on television that said, I know it's not good, but the President is right.
It was a hot day, I will say. But the heat was crazy. "But with families of victims and illegal aliens. And he spoke to reporters. Vice President Harris went down there. She didn't speak to the agents." And as a former president of the National Border Patrol Council, great guy, Brandon Judd said, "President Trump's actions secured the border. Kamala Harris' actions completely opened up the border and made it very unsafe."
OK. Get me that card would you, please.
Good job. Thank you. Thanks, Kim.
He released them into our country. Biden has implemented a formal policy that illegal aliens who intrude into the United States are granted immunity from deportation. Thus, when this monster showed up at our border, he was set free immediately under the program that Crooked Joe created. I call it Free to Kill.
That's what I do well. I build. We could knock that wall out in one year if they gave us the funds. I'll tell you what, though, if you look at Schumer and these people, even though they know you need the wall, they all voted for the wall in 2006. They vote for border security. And then they found out, oh gee, maybe from their standpoint, they can't do that, but they all voted for it. Hillary Clinton voted for it, right?
I mean, the whole -- well she's starting to crash again. You know. I thought I knocked her down. I did that heavy, heavy Pocahontas deal. I give her credit. I thought she was left for -- I mean there were like just little embers and then she rose. She rose and she became strong, but then she opened that fresh mouth of hers and it stopped, it stopped.
We brought him along, right?
The only enthusiasm they have is to beat us. And you know what, that's called negative enthusiasm. Typically, it never wins. We'll find out. It better not win, OK? It better not win, Matt. Biden has handed control to the Socialists, Marxists, and far-left lunatics. If he wins, the radical left will be running this country, and they're addicted to power, and God help us if they ever get it because we will never have the same country again, we never will, we never will.
To turn on the battleships, being let's start the engines, let's check them, boom, $1 million down the drain, OK? Look, we spend billions of billions of dollars protecting wealthy countries and we're not a wealthy country. We owe $19 trillion. Our country is weak. Our country is soft. We have leadership that's pathetic and it's got to change, folks.
If you don't have immunity as -- and I'm not talking about me, I'm talking about every president. You would never make a decision, like when President Obama incorrectly sent a missile into an area and he killed many children and many people, they were looking for a terrorist. That would mean that his political opponent sitting as president, if he were the next president, would absolutely indict him.
If we unite, we are unstoppable. I will be a true friend to libertarians in the White House, and I am proud to be the only president in 70 years who started no new wars. I took on the military industrial complex. I broke the stranglehold on neocons and warmongers on the Republican Party. Instead of war, I made peace in the Middle East, something nobody thought was possible, and dealt with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, where a nuclear war was guaranteed to start in a very short period of time if Hillary Clinton became president.
If she got in, if she got in you're going to have four more years of Barack Obama and that would be a catastrophe.
-- because when I agreed to do this -- and I had to do it for Charlie, because he's special. But I said, "Charlie, I'll do it." But this has to be also a real tribute to Arizona because they gave us such a big win. And I said, I'll get in my plane at 4:45 in the morning, and I'll fly here. But we have to really acknowledge and take care of the people of Arizona because you were fantastic.
It can't happen fast enough. I thought that was really -- right? I, honestly, I thought it was good. I thought the way he wrote it and it's right, it's right. I mean these people, I never like critics. I watched Broadway plays and I'd see a play that's good. And then next day you wake up and you see the New York Times critic going to write about the Broadway play and they'll say horrible things.
Every one of them are on it. I said to him, who's not on truth? Nobody raised their hand. They hate to do it that way, though, they hate, but they're all on truth, so I hope you are. We are delighted to be joined today by an incredible gentleman who I saw about four years ago, and he went to a town hall meeting.
They also know that she'll do nothing for them once the election is over, she never does and that will never ever change. Many of them will never forget her calling young African-American men super predators. Not nice. Same thing goes for Hispanic voters and they are tired of being used by people like Hillary Clinton that have no intention of doing anything for them once the election is over.
And -- and I'm okay with administrations. I mean, I can go through a Democrat administration say, look, they worked hard, they tried hard. But the things that they did to this country, we can never ever forget it, from the rigged elections to the -- to the border to the transgender from -- for everybody from men playing in women's sport.
I got other countries with NATO to pay. We were paying for NATO. We were paying for NATO. I got them to pay $430 billion. Nobody knows nobody. You don't read about that. The head of NATO is probably my single biggest fan, the secretary general of NATO. They couldn't believe, you know, if you look at NATO, they're spending.
We did a good job there. I think so. We launched the first new branch of the U.S. Armed Forces in nearly 75 years called Space Force. Very important. You know, for an administration, if you think of it, so not for 75 years. We've created a new force, right? The Army, Navy, the Air Force, Marines, so think of it, Coast Guard.
Did you see she used the F word the other day? She thought she was talking without a camera on, she used the F word. [Audience boos] Did you see that? Oh, it's terrible. If that ever happened to me, you would -- -- it would have been front-page headlines. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. No, they got her using the wrong word on camera.
And, folks, and, folks, it's such a problem. We're losing our companies. We're losing our financial, we're losing everything. We're losing our jobs. We're losing our great jobs. You see it. Even the other side admits we're losing our good jobs. Our good jobs are going to other countries. So we're going to stop it. It's not even hard to stop it. And when they know there is that kind of a consequence, they're not leaving, they're staying. They may go to a different state, and that's different, right? But they're staying, they're staying in our country, they're not leaving. And when they want to leave, that's OK, too, because they're going to pay a very, very big price, right? [Applause]
We went through an ugly chapter in our history, during Vietnam, when our troops became the victims of harassment and political agendas. For too many police today, that is their daily reality.
You gotta get out and vote. It's going to be something special. And I tell you this, and I tell others this sometimes, this is amazing group of people, the spirit, the energy, the genius, the genius. But you will say that this will be one of the great and most important meetings of your life, but most importantly, you will say that this vote will be the most important vote you've ever cast. [Applause]
Did you get -- is anybody having a bad time? [Audience responds "No"] Did you get your money's worth because you've heard the other one, we've done this and we've cut your taxes and we built up the military, bigger and better. And we're the No. 1 in history with regulation cuts, which is the biggest thing and the judges, which we've done it, look -- I mean at a level like nobody's ever done, everything we've done.
A lot of people don't know that she's a great fighter pilot and a warrior senator. She helped us so much during the impeachment hoax. She didn't wobble one bit. Martha McSally. You know, Martha's tough on the border, and she's working with me to strengthen our military still further and lower your prescription drug prices.
Right into our Treasury, not into China's Treasury, our Treasury, but we had $28 billion that went to the farmers, and a lot of you farmers got it. I also cut the tariffs between Canada and what they were doing to you with 287% tariffs. So I'm not just running against Biden, I'm running against the left-wing media, the big tech companies. [Audience Boos] But if you think about the Democrats and the media are one and the same.
You have to have a President that's going to work his ass off for this country. You need energy, you need a very energetic President. They said how do you think he's going to do in the debate? I think good. He's been doing it for 47 years. I think he's going to do good, I think. And one thing we know, if he does just OK, just OK, they're going to say, the fake news, they're going to say it was the single greatest debate performance in history.
Did he do a good job tonight? I watched. Where is Don? Don is great. I love Don. He sorta has -- They love our Don, but he's, uh, he's working hard, and I wanna thank Don, and Kimberly Guilfoyle, who has been incredible. And I also, uh, came with somebody who people like a lot, people like her a lot. I don't know, she doesn't really like the concept of running for office.
But they said to me, "If you had it to do again, would you do it again?" I said, "Without question." I answered that question because we have to save our country. We have to save our country, and we will save our country. You know what I called? I called this the other day. Some people thought it was an incredible term.
I said, no, I think loyalty is very important for people. They said, "Well, in politics, it means nothing." I said, maybe you'll be surprised, but I assume it did. When I get somebody in office and then they turn around, they I didn't even -- I hardly spoke to the guy, hardly knew him during that period of years.
But that was the day that we went out because of that day and we voted the following Tuesday. And that was the greatest single vote I've ever cast. You'll going to say that. And you'll going to look back in two years -- especially, the guys of Fort Drum. Right? Especially. [Audience cheering] Right? Because I'm -- I'm with you.
It will dominate everything. It will challenge us to marshal all of our strength and flex the muscles of American ingenuity and resolve like probably never before. It will require us to blast through obsolete systems, cut through thickets of regulation. We've got to get rid of some of the regulation, but we want good regulation and rebuild the industrial bedrock of our country.
And you could see hundreds of billions of dollars of tariffs on other countries. Also I took in hundreds of billions and nothing happened to us. They make less money. And you know what? Our jobs come back because there's no tax. If they build their factory in Pennsylvania, there's no tax if they build their factory in the United States.
Thank you, Chris. Thank you very much. I really appreciate it. Look at this turnout. This is incredible. And there are many people outside that can't get into the hangar. The fire marshal won't let him in. Fire Marshal, let me talk to you please, please. But it's such an honor and you know we've had tremendous results here.
You would have thought when that deal was made by Secretary Kerry, maybe the worst negotiator I've ever seen, you would have thought that Iran would have said, thank you, United States. We can't believe you gave us between $100 billion and $150 billion when they were ready to fail. We can't believe you gave us $1.7 billion in cash. You know what that looks like? You would have thought they would have said, "thank you, United States, we really love you very much." Instead, they've become emboldened.
Thank you, Fred. Go get 'em, Fred. So get out tomorrow, it's a little bit of a referendum. You know a lot of people are watching this race. I don't know if there are other races or not, who the hell cares, we have Fred. We have to get Fred in there tomorrow. If he wins, they won't report it. If he loses it will be the greatest story in the history of our country.
He couldn't get it in primetime. What the hell is going on with the world today? What's going on? What's going on with the world, Mark Meadows. Unbelievable. Unbelievable, Meadows. Oh, boy. He's a smart guy. Meadows. Great, great guy. North Carolina, in just three and a half years, we obliterated the ISIS caliphate.
After a lifetime of unelected bureaucrats stealing your paychecks, attacking your values and trampling your freedoms, we are stopping their gravy train, ending their power trip, and telling thousands of corrupt, incompetent and unnecessary deep state bureaucrats, you're fired. Get the hell out of here, you're fired.
Most expensive energy there is. I will deliver tax cuts, regulation cuts, energy, price cuts and interest rate cuts like you've never seen before because we saw it from such a high base. And unlike the DeSantis, I will protect Social Security and Medicare for our great seniors. He wanted to hurt Medicare and Social Security.
Well, I know how. You just tell those companies, if you move, you're going to be taxed when you sell your product into the United States and they're not going to move. And they don't want to talk about it because I love free trade. The problem is when you have free trade, you need smart dealers. You need smart negotiators.
I didn't know I could debate. I never did that. That's all politicians do. They're all talk and no action. And our country's going to hell and we're going to stop it, and we're going to stop it fast, OK? So when we have a trade deficit with China, $505 billion, billion not million, billion. That means, you know, not so good.
There's only 8% to 9% that's actually for infrastructure. But he said if we approve this one, they will never come back and ask for more. I said, yes, they will. And guess what? They're voting on it now. So maybe this speech can stop them because when Manchin hears me say he's going to lose West Virginia, and I'll go down and campaign against him as hard as anybody can.
It's so important, you can't be expected to have a successful AI program when every single article, book or anything else that you've read or studied you're supposed to pay for. Gee, I read a book, I'm supposed to pay somebody. And you know, we appreciate that, but you just can't do it because it's not doable.
And now, if you think about it -- if you think about it, just take a look. Are they OK darling? You take your time. We got to be with our people. Right? We got to be with our people. Is she OK? Take your time. Do you have a doctor? Doctor please. [Inaudible] what? Yes. Yes. Take that. Move that partition.
And we're going to take care of our vets. We are going to really take care of our vets. You know, we put in a plan recently -- we're going to take care of our vets. But we have to have people that don't talk. We don't want talkers. We want doers. We want people that know what's happening. I see on television all these generals they're talking about, yes, we're going to do this.
So today, we thank you, we honor you, and we want you to know that we will always have your backs 100 percent. Thank you very much, law enforcement. Thank you. [Applause]
We have two systems. The radical left is not above the law and conservatives are not beneath the law. The targeting and repression that is now being directed against Republicans and conservatives is totally unprecedented. In American history, this has never happened before. The Republicans under Bill Barr and Jeff Sessions stayed away very powerfully from doing this to Democrats and some people understand that and some people respect that, frankly.
We've been after this for many years, decades." I say, how much do you want to bet they'll do it? And she said, "You can't do it." I asked for all of the things, Remain in Mexico, little thing. Let's -- Remain in Mexico. People think that's easy. It wasn't easy to get, but we had all of the different things we needed.
We're talking about all these problems but here's why we're having fun because it's actually a message of great optimism. You know Make America Great Again, that's optimism. Some people said, oh, such negativity. It's just the opposite. We're going to fix things up. We're going to make this country better than it's ever been before.
And we're restoring the name of a great president, William McKinley to Mount McKinley, the beautiful Alaska mountain I renamed. Think of that, they took the name of McKinley, he was a great president. He was assassinated. He was a great president for tariffs. He was the tariff king, and he made our country very rich.
So we'll have, by the end of my first term, we're going to have almost 300, could be more -- 300, approximately 300, Federal Judges -- so that's 300 Federal Judges, three Justices of the United States Supreme Court, but so Bernie never said, he never created a list. I have a list, so I take one from the list.
It's a rigged system. Now, you have to understand, I'm not complaining about the states that I won. Those are OK, of which I won I think 22 and Cruz won 10. Did you ever hear him say, I'm the only one -- remember lying Ted Cruz, lying Ted, has the Bible up here puts it down. He's a liar. Oh boy, does he lie.
According to data provided to the Senate Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest, between 9/11 and the end of 2014, at least 380 foreign-born individuals were convicted in terror cases inside the United States. The number is likely higher, but the Administration refuses to provide this information to Congress.
The Department of Justice, if that happened to anybody else, they would have been in jail two years ago, folks, OK? What she did. Then she illegally destroyed -- and this is -- this is -- forget about what happened last Friday. I'm talking about the past. Forget about that -- that's all gravy, whatever happened. What she did in the past is so bad. She destroyed 30,000 -- remember this -- 33,000 e-mails after receiving a congressional subpoena -- the key word being after" -- and made 13 phones disappear
I thought it was a much lower number and I thought you should put me in office based on a much lower number, 200, you have no choice. Yesterday, Biden was in Michigan. He said, "I'd better, get out of the basement. This guy is starting to do very well." Lying about his lifetime of cold-hearted globalist betrayals.
You won't believe what I'm going to say. I said, that sounds too cheap. It's no good. He said, I can do it for $180,000. I said, David, it's too cheap. Do it for $400,000 or $500,000. Please don't do it for $180,000. $180,000, they're going to think you're kidding. Do it for like $400,000. Is that OK? Absolutely.
Thank you, kids. Great job. Really great job. So let's talk a little bit about Rochester for a second because we're here, we come upstate, I know what's been going on for a long time. This same group including Carl and many others they asked me to run for Governor. Between you and I, I sort of said I'm sorry but I'm doing something else.
He's a young gentleman. Great, Abe. Great job, great job. Great heart. He went through a tough one. Arizona GOP chairwoman, she is doing a job, Gina Swoboda. Gina. She is doing a job. And a very good friend of mine, the next senator from Arizona. I really believe this. Look, she's running against -- we don't have to do a -- I was going to bring her up. I was going to say, "Come on, Kari, speak," but she just spoke for half an hour.
It's going to be us because I'm doing it as a group, a group. It's a big group, too. It's a group that's far bigger than the fake news understood. They had no idea. 2016, they said, "What the hell is happening here?" They saw people coming in with the bandanas that were bright red and the hats and the whole thing, and they said, "What is going on?" It started with Tennessee.
They shut down 38 percent of active oil and gas rigs in the United States. But they love the wind turbines. They go round and round and round. And if the wind doesn't blow, they got problems. They kill all the birds. They ruin the sight lines. They ruin the plains and the beautiful areas of our country, including the oceans, the lakes.
And fifty billion a year, a year and then they say, oh, a year a year and then they say, oh, a year a year and then they say, oh, that's terrible, that's terrible, that's terrible. I am a free trader, I believe in free. I am a free trader, I believe in free. I am a free trader, I believe in free trip. It has to be smart trade.
Hoping to free itself from sanctions, the regime has escalated its violent and unprovoked aggression. In response to Iran's recent attack on Saudi Arabia oil facilities, we just imposed the highest level of sanctions on Iran's Central Bank and Sovereign Wealth Fund. All nations have a duty to act. No responsible government should subsidize Iran's bloodlust.
I hope they're going to approve it because it's great for the farmers, everybody wants it, everybody loves it, but we're all signed up and getting ready, I guess in 30 days to put it in, the USMCA, like the song YMCA, right, you remember? USMCA, that's with Mexico and Canada, it's a great deal and it's going to be very really good for manufacturers and really, really good for the farmers, that's what we want to do. Put a lot of pressure on your Congressmen and your Senators because they have to ratify it. You know they have to approve it and frankly, with what you have today, maybe they'd rather have us have a loss than do something that's good for the country, right?
The Democratic Party has run the inner cities for fifty, sixty, seventy years and more.
And by the way, Mexico, you know they keep saying Mexico is paying for the wall, they understand that. They're paying for the wall. Mexico's paying for it and it's very high, just like I said it would be, and it actually goes down very deep. Do you know why? Two reasons, actually, number one, to hold it up.
This is what we have. Death to America. [Audience Boos] And by the way, we could end it like immediately. You so what we did in Wisconsin. It ended. Took a while for the governor. You know they have to ask us in it's like otherwise, we have to do something much bigger, and it is totally unnecessary. The National Guard is fantastic.
Aren't you tired of arrogant leaders who look down on you instead of serving and protecting you? And that's what's happening.
I want to thank President Jerry Falwell and his incredible wife, Becky, stand up, Becky, for their kind words, their steadfast support, and their really wonderful friendship. Let me also extend our appreciation to the entire Falwell family, Trey, Sarah, Wesley, Laura, and Caroline, thank you for everything you do to make this university so exceptional, one of the truly great, great schools.
But I never did a national. You know, winning -- I think winning the, the vote, overall vote is almost easier --than the electoral college. But, uh, you remember last year she'd complain. She used to, she used to campaign in the wrong states. The next time -- But they probably learned. But in the national poll, we're leading against sleepy Joe Biden.
We're working with Kristi and we're gonna do something that, uh -- We're gonna sort of put the farmers in charge. And if somebody of a po- -- if a farmer has been with one of these people that work so hard, they bend over all day, we don't have too many people can do that. But they work very hard and they know 'em very well.
We will put our miners back to work. We will put our steelworkers back to work. You know what's happened to your state with respect to miners and steelworkers? And Hillary wants to do the opposite. We're going to put them back to work. They're going to be happier than ever before. And my infrastructure plan will provide help for projects like, did you ever hear of a place called the Pennsylvania Turnpike?
To make a plan to vote, either by mail or early in person or on Election day, just vote. For some reason, evangelicals aren't big on voting. We have to get -- they're all for us. But for some, I think it's a form of -- I don't know. They just don't vote. We got to get the evangelicals to vote. They love Trump.
Watch what happens. This is the most important election in the history of our country. Biden has made a corrupt bargain exchange for his party's nomination. He has handed control to the socialists and Marxists and left-wing extremists like his Vice Presidential candidate. That's another great one, isn't it? [Audience Boos] I just watched her on television coming in because the great thing about Air Force One, we have more televisions.
It must be my looks because the place went stone cold crazy. Where is it? Put it up. Put it up. We got to put it up. [Audience chants "Trump"] It's a great game, and that was a great game. Alabama got off to a really big start. You would have said it was over, and then Georgia came back. What a great game that was.
We're going to give our government back to the American people. [Applause]
You saw it in Georgia. You saw those people go in. They said, "There's a water main break. Everybody leave. Everybody leave." Everybody got the hell out. They don't want to drown. They don't want a water main break. And a few minutes -- a short while later, a woman, a political operative -- we all know her name.
And you have a sitting senator and he was at I think 11 or 12 and you have a governor, that a former Governor Bush who spends a lot of money. Yeah, Bush and he was less than that. I mean, it's amazing and people couldn't believe it. They said, there must be a mistake. You know, 48%. Florida is a very big -- you know, very important state not only in terms of this.
They humiliated the sailors, humiliated their families and humiliated our country, right? And the only reason they let them go is there are payments of $150 billion started the next day. So stupid they're not. And when they fly -- they flew right alongside of our our planes the other day, you saw that? Their jet fighters, right?
These suckers are going back and forth. I'm not a drinker, so I don't know what it is to be drunk, but I think this would be it. I'm going back. No, we're winging it tonight a little bit. I hope everyone's enjoying it. But that's a strong wind, but it's a beautiful Pennsylvania wind, and it's not too cold.
It's not good. It never was good. We kept it going. We did a good job of -- I had a choice. Let it rot and let it do terribly and everybody -- or make it as good as it can be. And we made it as good. It was the right thing to do. But as president, I could've destroyed it just by not feeding it. I did the right thing, but we really have to get much better healthcare in our country.
Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. We will not bend, we will not break, we will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never, ever surrender. [Audience responses "Yes"]
How sad and how desperate. But when that cargo plane pulled up and that door opened, the general said, "Sir, when that door opens and you had the most beautiful young people carrying a coffin or a number of coffins off of the plane. Sir, when that happens, you'll see, the parents are not okay." So I was talking to people that seemed to be fine.
But they said the other night, and it was amazing, Winston Churchill. They said, "He didn't lie to the people of the Britain. He didn't lie." I said, "Well, let me ask you this, you know, he stood on buildings when the Nazis, Hitler, were bombing London and he was pretty brave because he may have been a little drinking, but he was known for that, right?
They're playing the ref, no different than Bobby Knight. And he was great, he endorsed me, and Indiana was mine. He was a great coach. He's the last coach to go undefeated. I guess he was like 38 and zero. For some reason, they've never had another college team since then. That was many years ago, and he came out in favor of Donald Trump, and it was a big thing.
He said, "It's funny, the harder I work, the luckier I get." And think of that, the harder I work, the luckier I get. And he worked hard, and you're working hard, and the harder you work, the luckier you're gonna get. Fourth is don't lose your momentum. Momentum's an amazing thing. Keep it going. I tell a story sometimes about a man who was a great, great real estate man.
With your help, we gain 23 points with voters under the age of even 25. Think of that. We gain 23 points. And in the election of 2024, our movement not only won a mandate, but we built new American majorities all over the place and will define our country's future. I believe it's going to define our country's future for generations to come.
We have a nonexistent president and a nonexistent vice president who should be in charge, but nobody knows what's going on. She was at a fundraiser in San Francisco, a city that she totally destroyed, by the way. It's -- San Francisco was the best city in the country, maybe 20 years ago. And today, you can't even -- you can't even go there.
I don't know, maybe some of you do this, but how about these schools where you don't get marks? The kids come in. Oh, how are you doing in school? I don't know. Are you a good student? Yeah, I guess so. How do they compare you with the other students? I don't know, they don't give us any marks. We just sit there.
This is the commonwealth where our Union was saved by the heroes of Gettysburg and where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania workers, mined the coal, worked the railroads, forged the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of world. That's in the history of the world, and we are making it greater than it's ever been before.
He couldn't do anything. It was an embarrassment to that art form. That was an art form. It was an embarrassment. Kamala, sometimes referred to as Kamala, you know, she got about nine different ways of pronouncing the name. And because the press is so dishonest, no matter how you say it, they'll say you were wrong.
With your vote this election, you can show them, once and for all, that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you -- belongs to you -- you guys. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. In six days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.
No one has been hurt by this invasion more than our Black and Hispanic populations. And also -- it's true. No. They're taking your jobs. They're taking your jobs. They're taking your slots on education. Black and Hispanic populations have been hurt more by this travesty where millions of people -- the number is really going to be 18 million people by the time this guy gets out of office.
It turns bad. Look, two -- I got impeached twice. She failed twice. The woman brings chaos, and that's exactly what's happening. What's happened in China right now, what's happening in China, in Taiwan with what's going on, she played right into their hands because now they have an excuse to do whatever they're doing.
We made history together four years ago, and tomorrow we're going to make history once again. So this has been really -- this was amazing. Grand Rapids, I'll never forget it, though, and you know, we were called, we were called late in the evening. Ronna, thank you very much, wherever you may be. She kept calling, saying, "One more trip.
Look at Paris, look at London. They're no longer recognizable, and I'm going to get myself into a lot of trouble with the folks in Paris and the folks in London, but you know what? That's the fact. They are no longer recognizable; and we can't let that happen to our country. We have incredible culture, tradition.
And was totally against what I was doing and was totally against what I was doing and he just wanted to build it in this one. He just wanted to build it in this one. He just wanted to build it in this one location which was a bad. You had to go location, which was a bad, you had to go location, which was a bad, you had to go through a Hell's Kitchen and you had to through a Hell's Kitchen and you had to through a Hell's Kitchen and you had to go under the West Side, Highway go under the West Side, Highway go under the West Side Highway, you had to build, ramps over the highway, you had to build, ramps over the highway.
But look, as many know, a major destination -- Maine, has become a major destination for Somali refugees. We admit hundreds of thousands of refugees into the United States from many of the most dangerous and unstable regions in the world. And you are getting them here too folks, you just don't know it because you just don't know.
[Applause]
Then I realized, they are doing one, the Bay Bridge that we just mentioned. But that's being built by the Chinese too. You go to China, you go to the OPEC nations, you go to some of these nations, it's unbelievable what you do. And then you fly back home and you land in New York, you land in Los Angeles, you come to LaGuardia Airport, Kennedy Airport, LAX, and we're like a third world country.
Yes.
For years, you watched as your politicians apologize for America. Now, you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for you, the people of Wisconsin. At stake in our present battle is the survival of the nation. What these people are doing, they will destroy our nation. They will destroy our nation and our last election was so important.
We're going to stop the massive inflow of refugees and keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. [Applause] We're going to rebuild our depleted military and take care of our great, great veterans. We're going to take care of them once and for all. We're going to take care of them. [Applause]
And the world is watching today. So it's a great honor to be involved. It's a great honor, Mr. Vice Premier, to be with you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. [The agreement is signed]
We're just depleting our military, and it's not going to happen. If I win, folks, we've got to get rid of it. I was against the war in Iraq, but I will say we got out the wrong way. We should have kept the oil, we should have kept some soldiers there for a semblance. The people that we had running Iraq were bad.
We are working toward a more just society, but that means building up, not tearing down; joining hands, not hurling fists; standing in solidarity, not surrendering to hostility.
It was a 80,000 foot rink. It's a very big rink. And the government under Mayor Ed Koch couldn't -- they couldn't get it built. They were trying. It was actually a renovation, wasn't even building. And after eight years -- and I have a daughter growing up, she kept saying, "Dad, I want to go ice skating." And for year after year, I'd say to Ivanka -- anybody ever hear of Ivanka, right?
Absolutely. That was an easy one, I'll tell you.
I would say in terms of this country, I respect the office. I don't want to call him a crook and think, but now I say he's a damn crook. He's crooked as hell. Because they started this, they indicted the former president of the United States over bullshit. And so now I'm allowed to say it like it is. We have a corrupt president.
She was the first of them. You know, you hear all about them in Philadelphia and Los Angeles. She was the first. She was worse than any of them. She supports ending cash bail nationwide. She wants no bail. If you murder somebody, just go home and relax, murder a couple of other people, which means releasing violent criminals immediately after arrest.
Soon to be changed to, "Keep America Great." [Inaudible]. "Keep America Great." Soon to be changed. I can't use "Make America Great Again" for the second run, right? [Inaudible]. They said, why the hell did you do it the first time? Right?
I said, how does Citibank compare? They look at me like, Citibank, that's like nothing. These are massive, massive powerful banks and they can't believe they're getting away with what they're getting away with. They just can't believe it. So we can straighten this out. We need great business minds. There are minds in this room that could do a fantastic job, a fantastic job.
In fact, when they were going over the charges against Hillary Clinton, one after another after another after another, however, and yet other people, their lives have been destroyed for doing much less, all right?
And we're gonna have a country back because right now, if you don't have borders, you have a country. We're gonna have a country, OK? We don't have a country. And so we're gonna have a real wall. It's going to be a beautiful, it's going to be a big wall, it's going to see the ceiling. The ceiling is peanuts.
America's -- so true. [Laughter] Didn't expect that reaction, but that's okay. [Laughter and applause] America's economy is booming like never before. Since my election, we've added $10 trillion in wealth. The stock market is at an all-time high in history, and jobless claims are at a 50-year low. African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment have all achieved their lowest levels ever recorded. We've added more than 4 million new jobs, including half a million manufacturing jobs.
They were so quiet. You know, I like the Hillary protesters. You know why? They're so nice and quiet. The Bernie protesters were brutal; they were tough. Right? The Hillary protesters had no spirit. Did you see that?
What are we doing? Why are we even thinking? What are we doing? Let's just vote around. I don't know if she's gonna get to run anyway. What I'm saying, you know? I sort of like to run against here but. Can you imagine that? She wants to close down a primary source. Keep in mind, shale energy production could add 2 million jobs in seven years.
The likes of which, jet fighters, bombers, tankers, the likes of which, no country has ever seen before. Our nuclear arsenal is the strongest by far in the world, the strongest it's ever been, and hope to God, we never have to even think about using it. And the way you won't have to use it is to have it.
And I'm not against -- I'm not against electric cars, but we're going to have also gas-powered cars. We're going to have hybrids. We might someday have hydrogen. Did you ever hear of hydrogen? That's the new thing, that's the new hot thing. No, Hydrogen is the hottest thing going. It's too hot. You know what happens? When there's a problem, It's bad.
But basically, you wouldn't have the kind of crowds and the kind of poll numbers that we have. So I'll tell Ford the following: say look, you've got to move your plant back. They'll call me, I'll have a few people call me. Doesn't matter because they didn't give me any money. They don't own me. Jerry was right, they don't own me. Self- funding, they don't own me.
Take care of your mommy. Thank you. Thank you. Go ahead.
We have the endorsement of somebody who's terrific. Not easy. He's been -- I mean, the family has been slightly Democrat for a long time. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., RFK, Jr. He's going to help us on health and the health of women and men and children. And he is so good and so into it. And you'll see, he's going to do a great job.
There are no more decent devoted and selfless people than our Christian brothers and sisters here in the United States. None. And I happen to be Presbyterian but that's good, that's good. Protestant. Together, we're going to deliver real change that puts America first. Earlier today I outlined my contract with the American voter.
As one people, one nation, and one United States of America, we will stand as a light of liberty, a land of courage, and a home for proud people of faith. Forever and always, Americans will believe in the cause of freedom, the power of prayer, and the eternal glory of God. Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America. Thank you very much.
So, look, that happened last night too. I did the same thing. They think that Crazy Bernie -- how could you be easier to beat than Joe? You know, that guy can put two sentences together. It's insulting. How can you be easier? But, you know, he is more down the middle. You know, everyone knows he's not a communist, right?
Where's Thomas? Good job. Thomas, say hello to our friends. Say hello to our friends back in Washington. That was a good job. Just watched you. I cannot come to Kentucky without also praising the exceptional work of Senator Mitch McConnell. I have to tell you -- this guy is a true fighter for our veterans and for Kentucky.
Net worth for the bottom 50 percent of wage earners has grown 15 times more under my administration. Think of that: 15 times. You know, 15 times more than under the three prior administrations. Wages for the bottom 10 percent are rising faster than for the top 10 percent. And that's okay for the rich people.
You know how deep you had to go? You had to go way the hell out. Dangerous. Way, way out in the ocean. And to this day, nobody really tells me, you know, why -- why did they do it? And they want to put it back again. Now, we're ready for the America First economic program. It's going to be -- and we're going to make our country -- everyone is really down right now because our country looks so bad.
So at eight o'clock, the poll -- the polls closed and they said Donald Trump has won the State of Texas, simultaneously with the closing. But I'm now running in Texas, against the man who's against oil, guns, and God. How do you win Texas? I said this, you could bring George Washington back as your Presidential candidate.
Saddam Hussein gas, right? Remember the gas? People would be killed and they'd complain, then they'd throw gas at him. Then they'd rest. Then they'd start a fight a couple of years later but they were the same. Nobody would move. It would be like this. It was called checks. Check and bound, takes years, takes centuries to create them, right?
They don't want citizenship. What's that all about? You don't have to be a citizen to vote. No more fake drop boxes. Thank you, Wisconsin. No private money pouring into local election offices. No ranked choice, Kelly. No ranked choice voting, which can be crooked as hell. Kelly Tshibaka. Kelly Tshibaka. "Ladies and gentlemen, we have a big development." Election evening, Kelly Tshibaka is No. 1, but the winner will be the one who's in third place.
He died. He died. The Biden administration's complete abolition of America's borders' a crime against the citizens of our nation. It's a crime against humanity. Under the defund the police mantra, our democrat run cities are also being ravaged by. -- our Democrat run cities are also being ravaged by the scourge of violent crime.
And then, we get on to tax reductions, which I like. [Applause] The House legislation does so much for you. It gives the states Medicaid flexibility. And some of the states will take over their healthcare. Governor Rick Scott in Florida said, just send me the money -- they run a great plan. We have states that are doing great. It gives great flexibility.
and you know, it's incredible. They said, "With all the years that they've been covering Presidential elections, they've never heard that chant, that we love you. No, it's very nice. No, they've never heard it. True. You know, now they all say -- now they all say -- they'll say, "He misrepresented. 18 years ago there was a rally held by somebody, and we heard the words from two people that we love you, sir." Now, this is what we're dealing with.
He mentions Right to Try, that's where a person is terminally ill and they can't get a medicine that looks real good, but it hasn't been approved because it has to go through this long process, which we've cut in half by the way, but they can't get. So now they sign a document and you know, it was very complicated, but not for me it wasn't complicated.
It was a very big truck." These people, I'm telling you, they are so bad. They're so bad. They're just evil people. But more importantly, they're destroying our nation. Nobody respects them. Everybody laughs at them. We're like a bunch of fools. We have a man that can't put two sentences together, and now we're replacing him with worse than he is, a dangerous person who's not smart.
Because no matter who you are, everyone loves something at McDonald's. There's always something to have. I like the fish. I like it. You could do a little bit more tartar sauce, though, please, seriously. I hate when I say, do you have any tartar sauce? Do you understand that? Yes. He understands it. Together with hard-working Americans like you, we're going to pioneer new heights of prosperity.
Hey, Bernie get your people in line, Bernie. Get your people in line. [Audience chants "Trump"] Can you imagine Bernie saying that Trump should get his people under control and they put in these people? And by the way, our crowds are so much bigger than Bernie's, you wouldn't believe it. Not even. And I think Bernie's finished but you never know.
She grabbed me. She gave me a kiss. I said, "I think I'm never going back home to the first lady." I'm telling you.
People want to see greatness for our country. They want to see things happen. They want to see things happen and they're not seeing it. [Applause]
I think maybe an Obama fan but shouted out from the audience, "Wasn't 45." I said, "Oh, yeah." I said maybe I'm in trouble. What is it? "It's 38%, sir." Oh, fine. That's fine, 38%. And some of them were up 50%, 50. Your deductibles are through the roof. Your deductibles are through the roof. Unless you get hit with a Komatsu tractor because Komatsu is doing very well because, you know, what happened with Japan.
This was the worst border in the history of the world, not here, the history of the world. There's never been a border like that. I always say third-world countries would have used sticks and stones to keep people out if that happened to them. There's never been anything like it. And the press doesn't want to report about it, and they've got to report about it.
So when these guys come off the stage, you don't really mean that Mexico's going to pay for the wall? I say, of course, they're going to pay for the wall. But Vicente Fox was so angry when he did that interview. I don't know. I think it was with CNN. Was it with CNN? Oh back there, look at them. What a lot of --
So I think this, if you're evangelical, if you're Christian, if you're Jewish, if you have religion, you better go out and vote for Trump because this is gonna be the last chance you ever get to get this thing done. OK. Better. So -- [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you, thank you. Thank you.
So, there goes the big -- the big country theory, right? They have four -- 1.4 -- their rated number five. That's a little bit scary, isn't it? But they're all -- anything be worse than that, Sarah? So what happens is we are going to make a very strong push on closing up the Department of Education. We'll have one person sitting there just to make sure that they're teaching English, reading, writing and arithmetic, OK? Just, that's all.
And I will defend the right to keep and bear arms. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens. And I will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded.
I went to New Hampshire. I campaigned. Because they said that it could be where a 270, 269. So I'm going to all the places and I'm trying to get one. We won Nebraska big. But there was one area, and I went there. I went all over the place campaigning. And then we get 312. But we won in a landslide too because we won the popular vote for the first time of a Republican in decades.
Because I didn't realize, you know, in the old days, it wasn't like this. He said if I say something good about Israel. "That's not a positive for this particular group, is it?" "No, sir. If you say something good about Israel, they'll love you." I said "My, my, my have things have changed -- how things have changed?" Right, Miriam? So, I was a little bit circumspect, to put it mildly.
I don't think anybody's ever had one. You don't do that. But he left me 142. Couldn't get 'em confirmed. To this day, Joe Biden refuses to release his list of names. Got to live -- You know, it's more than just the packing the court. He's got to say who's he going to put on because we can't have radical left justices that are going to destroy our nation.
And you watch what happens with the veterans. It's time. It's time we take care of our veterans. [Applause] We are going to rebuild the United States military finally. [Applause] I have proposed a budget that calls for one of the largest increases in defense spending history. And we need it. We need it. Got a lot of bad actors out there, folks, right? [Applause]
You could quadruple your taxes if you -- if you lost that industry, you could quadruple your taxes. The policy of the Trump administration will be to drill, baby, drill. [Applause] Right? Right? I will also terminate the Biden-Harris electric vehicle mandate on day one and save the US auto industry from destruction.
We are also going to Fort Knox. I'm going to go with Elon. Would anybody like to join us? Because we want to see if the gold is still there. We want to see. Wouldn't that be terrible? We open up this--Fort Knox has got--it's just solid granite that's five feet thick. The front door, you need six men to open it up. I don't even think they have windows.
We can do anything, we can build anything with and we can dream anything. We share one home and one glorious destination. Where we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood.
This could be the all-time great Trojan Horse. This could be it. You ever notice on the -- you look at the migration trail and you see people with cell phones. Cell phones.
You're a lot better off five years ago, And you think what a difference a president makes? Makes a big difference. I had no idea, to the extent. Frankly, I didn't realize it until well into the administration when you see all the things we did, we're going to cover them; biggest tax increase in history. When we had had the biggest tax decrease ever.
This nation belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage, and our American liberty is your God-given right. From Atlanta to Augusta, from Savannah to Columbus, beautiful Columbus, we just left Columbus and it's quite a place, and from Athens to right here in Rome, we inherit the legacy of red blooded American patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears to defend our country and defend our freedom.
For too long we watched, and we waited and we saw as other countries stole our jobs, cheated our workers, and gutted our industry. You look at all the places -- here? Yes, even here. But you look at some places, you look at some -- you go up to New England and you still see the -- the remnants where they moved down to Mexico under NAFTA, one of the worst deals that we're negotiating.
The Kingdom of Thailand has become an upper middle-income country in less than a generation. Its majestic capital of Bangkok is now the most visited city on Earth. And that is very impressive. Not too many people here are from Thailand. [Applause]
See, I did behave with the special -- I was very nice. I knew exactly what they were doing. It was election interference. I knew it exactly, as soon as I got even a call, this was election interference. I knew that. But we worked with them. We were going to give them whatever they needed. They came over to Mar-a-Lago.
I said, oh, is that good? He said, it hasn't happened since reconstruction. I said, define reconstruction for me. He said, that means essentially the Civil War. That's a long time. But that was when I first heard about it, actually. Our party has become the proud voice of hard-working citizens of every race, religion, color and creed.
We're adding up now. I said add it up, the hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes that I've paid over the years in New York City, and it's so sad to see what's happened to New York. And we have an attorney general that's just terrible, no cash bail, doesn't care about crime. I don't think she cares about crime.
So a lot of the press has been nice to us in the last few days because we gave a very detailed tax policy, where we substantially reduce taxes. [Applause]
And I said, "You're going to win." And he ended up winning. And then they started cheating at the end. You remember all the votes were disappearing over days, 10,000 here. Rick Scott, same thing. And I called in. You wouldn't believe it. The FBI, would you believe it? And it stopped. So, at least they did something right.
When they use the F-U word, because I would never say it because we have children in here and we have very, very sensitive ears, so I don't want to say it. My wife hates it if I use foul language. She said, "Darling, you should not have used a bad word." But when they use that, somebody says, "Who did you vote for?" And you say, "It's none of your business." That means he voted for Trump, but they don't count it. See?
And wait until you see what happens. We'll start paying down our debt. So many things can happen and even your electric bill will be a lot less. I hope. [Applause]
Right now, just about everything our government touches is broken or they break it. It's always over-budget, behind schedule, and simply nothing works. Look at the Veterans Administration, where new hospitals come in hundreds of millions of dollars over-budget. And yet our brave veterans still don't get anywhere near the kind of care they need or deserve.
In other words, somewhere in a million years, there may have been one guy there, and she was so happy. Remember? She was so happy that she released the finding. She thought it was good because maybe there was a tiny little chance. And then I said, "Well, I have more Indian blood than she has, and I have none, unfortunately."
So I'll keep it Qatar, what the hell. But they're building -- they're building an airport and have just completed an airport, the likes of which you've never seen. In Dubai, an airport the likes of which you've never seen. And then I come back to LaGuardia where the runways have potholes. The place is falling apart.
They had to take credit for it. What they did was so bad for our country. And look at our country now. Look what we are. We're dying. Anyone else will be ripped to shreds. There's no issue where a spine of steel is more important than when it comes to rescuing America from a really bad Biden economy. Our economy is sick, everything is sick.
We have to win. If you took the worst 10 presidents, let's say the worst. I used to say five, remember? A few months ago, then I said five. If you took the worst 10 presidents in the history of our country, think of it, the worst 10, and you added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to the United States that we love so much as Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done.
I never liked this guy and I see him in the White House and I say, "What are you doing here?" and he goes, "Mr. President..." see, now he calls me Mr. President, he used to call me something else. "Mr. President, I'm fighting for your victory." I said, "You got to be kidding." He goes, "Honestly you're doing a great job, but also if this radical left gets in they're, going to take away everything and they're going to destroy our country." and for the first time I like this guy.
We can't. [Audience chants "USA"] They're all watching tonight. They're sitting in their hotel room, little hotel right down the street and they're looking at it this crowd. The press never talks about my crowds. Did you see in New Jersey a couple of nights ago? We had sign-ups for 175,000 people. We had an arena that held about 9,000 people.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Good guys. Two good guys. They're going to be great. You heard him speak, RNC Chairman Michael Whatley. He did such a good job here that I said, "Just run the whole country." I took him out. He was the GOP chair -- you know that -- in here, and in North Carolina, and we won it.
Have you heard of that before? We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the greatest skyscrapers in the world, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world.
New York energy rates are through the roof. New England, through the roof. A lot of it has to do with the fact that we can't get pipelines through New York. New York won't let us. They won't let us. All New York likes to do is sue me. They like to sue me. They're always suing. I said, "Which lawyer is handling that case?" No, they sue me for everything so they can try to stop us by any means possible.
He's got -- he says it fast. He's a good man. He endorses wholeheartedly, and we agree on so many different things. But think of this number. Fifty percent of Haley's voters said they were voting for Joe Biden in November. What the hell kind of a Republican candidate is that? And you're going to see in a couple of minutes, we're going to bring up the governor, a fantastic governor from South Carolina, but almost every politician from South Carolina is endorsing me. How do you do that when she was the governor?
Oh, tomorrow? Oh, I -- I'm going to come. Oh, I want to put pressure on him. You got to see how they handle it. I'll sit there and I'll say, "Come on, let's go. Let's go." No, people love him. They love him. They love him. He's a good -- he's a good young guy. He's a little -- I'm a little prejudiced.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. But this is a very consequential commonwealth, as we say, but this is a very consequential vote in Pennsylvania because they say that if you win Pennsylvania, you're going to win the whole thing. We cannot let these people win Pennsylvania. That includes David. We can't let it happen.
This is a choice of two futures: the left's vision of disunity and discord or our vision of equal opportunity and equal justice. Every American should take a long look at the bedlam in Seattle, because that's exactly what will come to every city near you, every suburb and community in America, if the radical-left Democrats are put in charge.
just extended the lace and they say known as the drop in China we have great
The room went crazy. I mean it. We're soft and we're weak and we can't be that. Can you imagine the people at ISIS? They're sitting in wherever they are, right? They're all over the place. By the way, they're growing like they're all over. Now you look at maps, you know, two years ago I look at a map there's like little areas of pink.
I'd like to have Shea come up and tell the story. It's an amazing story. Shea, please come up. I love your tie. I like that tie.
And that led to a lot of other bad things, including Russia going into Ukraine, a lot of other bad things it led to. With your vote for our campaign on Monday, January 15th, you'll declare that we are going to take back our country. We're going to defeat crooked Joe Biden, and we're going to make America great again.
You can't [Inaudible]. But you know what? It usually ends up that the [Inaudible] crazy. Then they'll say, "Oh, isn't it t- -- terrible? Trump takes advantage of his con" -- No, I take great -- When I have a good contractor or a subcontractor, nobody gets paid faster. But when I have contractors that do this kind of work, you can have them.
Sometimes it's hot, it's summer, and they're looking at people come in, just came into our country, and they're going up to the 17th floor of their suite. How crazy has our country become? And can you imagine what those veterans, when they watch this, must be saying? But listen to this. Can you also imagine what the migrants must be thinking? They're saying, "Can you believe this? We just came from a place," in many cases, they were in prisons, and now, they're living in hotel suites while our veterans are living on the street.
You need a personality to charm foreign leaders. You think President Xi is easy to deal with? And Putin? And do you think Kim Jong Un, North Korea, you're going to get into a nuclear war. If Hillary won that election, you would be in a nuclear war. Who knows where you'd be right now? [Audience responds "That's right"]
Between the debt between the joblessness and let me debt between the joblessness and let me debt between the joblessness and let me tell you were the phony five percent tell you were the phony five percent tell you were the phony five percent numbers that you hear about Unemployment numbers that you hear about, unemployment numbers that you hear about unemployment, it's a phony number.
We're moving to Mexico, I'm sorry. We're going to close up. We're moving to Mexico. So here's what I do, I call up the head of Carrier, and I say very nicely with great respect, with great respect, "Hello. This is Donald Trump. I'm the president of the United States and I am not happy about what you're doing.
But thank you, Mike. It's a great honor having the Conservative Party. And just so you understand we are going to play New York. You know we're not just doing this for fun. We're going to play New York. And I want to wish the best to Wendy and I've watched Wendy over the years and know Wendy and she's a terrific woman and she's gonna be fighting hard and I think she's going to surprise a lot of people.
And, we're not going to do any business, unless we make a deal where they stop killing each other." You know what? It took about 20 minutes. They've been fighting for 40 years. I think they'd been fighting for 400 years, you want to know the truth, but they've been fighting for a long time. They want to make a deal.
It means so much. It means horrible, horrible crimes and things. I can't even believe it. It's a witch hunt. It's based on a single phone call of congratulations to the President of Ukraine, which they fraudulently mischaracterized to sound absolutely horrible. This crooked Adam Schiff -- [Audience Boos]
So something is going on. But the other one is even better, because in certain locations, it's called self-inspection. They have the right to self-inspect. So we call up and we say, listen, we hear you're building nuclear weapons over here. We want to go in.
It's time for new leadership. [Applause]
They're here. We don't even know who they are. We know they're terrorists, and we know something about some of them. But generally, we don't -- but we know there are thousands of terrorists led into our country. Drug dealers are in our country at levels we've never seen before. We're really -- you know, we're a very sick country, but we're going to figure it out, and we're going to get it fixed.
Now all he has to do is read the newspapers. They were begging me to come back in for 39 million. So why would you pay $450 million? Do you understand that, Gordon? You understand? How crazy. So China is in for 39. They're saying you're right, it's unfair. It's unfair. We will do it for 39. We will take you back the head man.
You know why? Mike is saying don't talk about it now. No. It's one of the great scams of all time. You know why they don't talk about it? Because people aren't buying it anymore. It's I don't want to use bad language. My wife said, please don't use bad language. You know who said that? Right? The great son of the legendary Billy Graham, Franklin Graham.
It's just a very small portion that I've attached to them. So I got a call from Congress. They said, a lot of money is coming in from these tariffs and they're starting to change their whole thing. So if you can add the tariffs and this is numbers that I don't want to say it because then they'll say he didn't produce.
By the way, you ever see this guy? He's using my slogan. He's using my slogans. I saw him the other day. It's like buy American. I said I've been saying that for five years, right? He's using my -- he has no clue. I'm telling you. You've got to come up with your own slogans, Joe. We invested $2.5 trillion in the U.S. military and launched the first new branch of U.S. Armed Forces in nearly 75 years after the Air Force.
So with a lower rate, the incentive was so great. People were doing things, businesses were thriving. So with a much lower rate, we took in more revenue than we ever took in before. It's an amazing number, right? Who would think as part of those tax cuts, I have announced that I will eliminate taxes on tips for restaurant workers and hospitality workers and anyone else relying on tips.
I'll tell you what, I just -- I told you I just left Little Haiti. The love is unbelievable. It's unbelievable. [Applause] There's no racist.
I said before, George Washington could be running for office. If he's anti-fracking, anti-guns, and anti-religion, he's going to have a hard time. And he's going to have a hard time in your state, too, because you feel the same way we do.
This state lost 43% of all manufacturing jobs after the NAFTA and China disasters. You know that. You lost 43%, but I think the real number's 61%, by the way. Biden says that this is an election between Scranton and Park Avenue. By the way, he left Scranton, you know he likes to say, "I was born in Pennsylvania." but he doesn't say he left, his father left, not his fault, but they make it like he's there.
We will rebuild our military and take care of our great veterans, who have not been properly taken care of. [Applause]
We want very strong, closed borders. And we want people to come into our country, but they want to come in through merit, and we want them to come in legally, right? Right? Through merit and legally, right? So we'll do this quickly. This is illegal immigration. It's called oh, listen to how quiet it is. Listen to how quiet -- now watch how quiet it gets.
We should have one-day voting, paper ballots, voter ID, and certification of citizenship.
And that is why Israel will always remain a vital ally of the United States of America. Israeli share our values, field one of the world's most powerful militaries. You really do. You have an amazing -- What a job. What a job you've done. And have one of the most innovative economies on earth. Those are just a few of the reasons why I am proud to be the best friend that Israel has ever had.
Their socialism is just -- that was just a little way station, right, Jeff? They've gone much further than that. This is terrible. What's happening is terrible, and we got to stop it. For six straight years, the witch hunts, hoaxes, and abuses have been coming fast and furious like nobody's ever seen before.
You know they were talking about this, uh, 60 Minutes, she asked me a question. You saw that, I pu -- I printed out the whole interview. I said, put it down. But, she said to me, a question, one of her questions, she said, "Why are you begging? Why? Suburban women. You said, please love me, suburban women.
They love what we're accomplishing. And tomorrow, the people of Missouri are going to send Josh Hawley to the United States Senate to keep America's economic boom going full speed ahead. In less than two years' time, we have accomplished more than anyone could have ever imagined. We are so far ahead of schedule.
Who are here right now with us tonight. The people of Cuba and the people of Nicaragua in their struggle to be free, it'll all happen, folks. It'll all happen. Each of us in this great arena, sort of arena, doesn't have a roof, but these are minor detail, problem's if we had a roof you could never hold these many people.
... and discovered -- you heard this yesterday -- it's hard to believe -- and discovered another 650,000 e-mails. She lied under oath when she turned over all of her work related e-mails. Just one more lie out of so many. And you know, General Cartwright, a four- star general, lied one time -- and I think he did it actually for national security purposes. He lied one time, he may go to jail for five years . She's lied so many times and the deletions. This is the biggest scandal since Watergate. Hillary wants to blame everyone else for her mounting legal troubles, but she has brought all of this on herself.
He's very solid. He's very liquid, but he has done a fantastic job and he loves this area. This is where he grew up. He was born here. He's built here. He's done a fantastic job. Don Ahern. Don Ahern. Don, thank you. Thank you, man. Thank you. We love you too. You've done a hell of a job. So our top phone call volunteer, these are the people, Don, I have to introduce.
We love New Hampshire, I love this place. I love this place. By the way, you know, we're leading in Florida, we're leading in all these places. The recent poll said we're two down in New Hampshire. You know what I said? I don't think so, I don't think so. [Applause]
They're not thrilled with Hillary, that I can tell you. Our new foreign policy will put America first. Hillary brought death and disaster to Iraq, Syria, Libya, she empowered Iran, and she unleashed ISIS with the vacuum -- through the vacuum, they came. Remember, Obama called them the junior varsity? Now she wants to start a shooting war in Syria, in conflict with a nuclear armed Russia, that could trigger World War III. She always talks about me.
That's what it's going to be. It's going to be an election of those things, law and order, Kavanaugh, you remember commonsense, and remember it's going to be an election of the caravan. You know what I'm talking about. You know what I'm talking about. And now we're starting to find out -- and I won't say it 100 percent -- I'll put a little tiny question mark at the end -- but we're probably not going to need it, but we have the fake news back there.
Washington insiders, including the corrupt media... [Booing]
Maybe she faked it at how good looking I am. I don't know. Who the hell knows, right? But she's OK? She's OK, right? OK. Good. If she's not OK I'm not going to be too happy. So we got to get out. We got to vote and here's what we're going to do. When I started on June 16th, I made an announcement, the famous escalator ride and it's so hard.
Here is one example of Clinton corruption.
We're going to win on trade. We're going to win with our military. Now, I get credit because I was against the Iraq war. Now, two years ago, people would say, "That's terrible." Although, actually, it's about five years ago if you think about it. Because if you remember, Jeb Bush, he didn't know what to say.
We've done a great job, but you have a lot of steel mills going up right here in Ohio. And a lot of them being expanded and they're really state-of-the-art. As vice president Biden did nothing as China stole our intellectual property, flooded our markets with dumped goods, unfairly subsidized as industries, manipulated its currency, they're the greatest in the world at that.
Together, we will protect those God-given rights for our children, our children's children, and generations of Americans to come. On every front, the ultra-left is waging war on the values shared by everyone in this room. They are trying to silence and punish the speech of Christians and religious believers of all faiths.
We're not letting people into our country unless they come in legally and we want people to come in through merit. We have great companies coming into our country. We need workers. We want them to come in but they have to be talented people that can love our country. They have to come in through merit. Through merit.
So, if you want to save America from Crooked Joe Biden, then get every patriot and everybody that you know, register Republican. We have to get registered Republican. Go out and register and get them out and vote in their local precinct caucus at 7 p.m., 7 p.m. on Monday, January 15th, Martin Luther King holiday.
Hillary Clinton wants to increase by 550% over Obama, thousands and thousands of Syrian refugees coming into our country. Overall, her plan would bring in 620,000 refugees from all refugees sending countries in her first half. This is at the same time we and Europe and everywhere else is experiencing tremendous problems, not only with attacks, but with lone wolf attacks.
Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare, make it even more expensive. In fact, much more expensive than ever before, she's gonna double down. In all fairness though folks -- based on what we're reading -- in all fairness I think right now, she has bigger problems than Obamacare. [Applause]
It's got to be released. And how come so many people are still in jail over January 6th when nobody paid a price for the fire and carnage and death that took place in Democrat-run cities throughout our country, including Antifa and BLM. How come? How come? And why are our Republican leaders, like McConnell, afraid to take up the subject and talk about it? Disgrace to our country.
What's wrong with you asking me a stupid question like that, Sir?" We took the military out first. We didn't take our equipment. We left 85 billion dollars worth of equipment. We left the [Inaudible]. We had 13 incredible soldiers. I've gotten to know their families. 13 military killed, violently killed, blown up. 38 people so horrifically hit, and nobody talks about them.
It's in Afghanistan. And they left Bagram late at night. They left the lights on. They left billions and billions of dollars one hour away from what -- and now, China will soon be occupying that incredible base that we built many, many years ago. It's so sad. I mean, these people are just horrible. They're horrible.
You know it's one thing, they disagree on health care. They disagree on all these other things and we get it. All the right stuff. But here's something they all agree on. We want the money back in our country. You know what's not to agree on, right? So you can work on a little tax. A little less, a little bit but it should be -- it should be 10 minutes to solve that problem.
They're called town hall calls. They go to the district. I'd have 10,000, 15,000, 20,000 people. Every single call I made, the person won. I went to Kevin McCarthy. I said, "Kevin, give me every congressman who's down, every congressman who's even, and every congressman who's up by a little. You know, can't call everybody.
We see their agony, we ask God to ease their suffering and to heal their pain, and together, we grieve side by side as one great American family. Now is the time to find common ground. Sadly before the sun had even set on the horrible day of tragedy, we witnessed a now familiar parade of cynical politicians seeking to exploit the tears of sobbing families to increase their own power and take away our constitutional rights.
Now, they're controlled by their PACs. They're controlled by the people that put up their campaign contributions. They're controlled -- you know, the lobbyists in Washington, they have signs in their forehead. It's like stamped into their forehead. I take care of Cruz, the specialists. I take care of Kasich.
I love you, too. You know it's very interesting, so somebody in the fake news media did a story yesterday because this crazy chant is going on. They have two about the seat and you know all that. But there was another chant that's happening at all these rallies. We're having massive rallies. We're in Minnesota, we had a tremendous crowd.
It started June 16th and it's been incredible. It's been a really incredible experience. And you look at the cover of Time magazine from a couple of weeks ago, you look at just today we're seeing coming up. People are saying this is a movement like they've never seen before in this country. I mean, it's incredible.
It's never happened anywhere near what's happening now. The numbers are higher than they've ever been by far. Just a few days ago, an illegal alien in McGregor, Texas was charged with the savagely murdering a 38-year-old woman and her two teenage children, beautiful children, and then continuing his deadly rampage in the house next door.
I still have that throbbing feeling in my ear. Oh, there it is. Look at it. These people are amazing. I didn't tell them I was doing that. That's fantastic. They said, "Yeah, it's all over the place." I love that. That is the most beautiful piece of paper I've ever seen in my life. But if you look at that chart, and you look at the red arrow on the bottom, that's the single lowest we ever had in history, at least recorded history, of illegals pouring into our country.
But real change also means getting rid of the corruption in Washington, and again, maybe that's happened. Wow. We have a big day. [Applause]
I just happened to be standing in their way. That's all it is. But what you're witnessing -- [Audience chants "We love Trump"]
If he would have gotten elected, it would have not been a good situation. Last month, unemployment reached the lowest rate in over 51 years. And you have heard me say this: African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment rates have all set record lows. And women, 71 years -- I'm sorry, you didn't break a record.
You know, they were talking about "Suburban women don't like Donald Trump," I said, "I think they do. I think they do." I got rid of a regulation that will destroy the suburbs. I got rid of it. I said, "Ben Carson let's do it, Ben." And we did it. Nobody else would do it. And if, if Biden never got in, if he ever came in, it would come back and you could forget about the suburbs.
How did that happen? Now you're going to be in the same position. Would you like to hear some of the ideas, or should I just skip over that part, huh? That's going to be more interesting than all the other stuff which was slightly political. Right? I'm going to give it to you though, just as I see it and as I've learned it; the hard way and the easy way.
The problems we face as a country as immense and it's going to take bold action to turn things around. And by the way, didn't Mike Pence do a great job? [Applause]
I don't need any -- but this is too easy. This takes minutes. So what happens is he'll say probably, we can't do that. I'll say don't worry about it. Call me whenever you're ready. Within 24 hours I'll get a call and he'll make one more plea. Mr. President, that's not right. I'll say, 35%. And if you wait another day, it's going to 40%, OK? It's true.
I said, "I'm gonna change it." And one of the first things I did is I changed it. Nobody could even fight it. They tried, we got sued all over the place, we won every suit, and it's now officially the Gulf of America, isn't that nice? But our sailors have written honor, greatness, and triumph into the pages of history.
I don't want to tell you this. This is not election season, because we're nine months away. Election season is one year, two months away, we're not even in election season, and we have more enthusiasm now. Believe it or not, than we had even before the election in 2016. So we have a great gentleman and woman with us, a friend of mine, Mr. and Mrs.
I took it out of the military because I considered it an invasion. I said, "This is an invasion of our country." And I built it through the military. And the military was great, the Army Corps of Engineers. I will support universal school choice, so big, it's such a big thing. I want every parent to have the right to send their child to the public, private, religious, or charter schools or home school as an option.
And now next year you're gonna have the best -- If this happens with the taxes and with the fracking, you're gonna have a real problem in Pennsylvania. Kamala -- Kamala Harris -- You know, you have to pronounce her name exactly right or she gets very upset with you. Although our great Vice President beat her very badly in that debate, wouldn't you say?
And one of the things it taught us, Wikileaks, he knew she had a lot of wrong things going on, you know that. That also came out, Obama knew what was going on by the way, just in case you didn't know, he knew. This guy oughta be back in the office working, he's not gonna be there very long, thank goodness. But he oughta be back in the office working. [Applause]
OK. No Republican will go to Michigan to campaign. Republicans will never beat Hillary in Florida. I will. You saw I won Florida in a landslide. I'll win Pennsylvania. Most Republicans will never win Penn -- probably, I don't think any Republican can win Pennsylvania. So I'm going -- And this is, you know, they covered this and now by the way the polls are coming out where I'm leading or even with Hillary, you know, hey, I had it -- and I wrote this.
We're also going to rebuild our inner cities for years and years and years. You've heard about this from the Democrats. They get the votes. They don't do a thing. African-Americans and Hispanics living in the inner cities are suffering. The violence is unbearable. You walk to the store with your child and you get shot.
David. Hi, David. How're we doing, David? Oh, we'll fire you so fast if we don't -- No, David's done a great, great job, and he works very closely with RNC chairwoman. This is how we won. We won a great state. We won a great state known as Michigan when she was there, and I said, "Let's bring her to Washington." Ronna McDaniel.
Instead, we set up blue-ribbon committees made of dilettantes from all over the country that know nothing about the evil genius of these drug lords that are taking us for a ride and the cartels that are making billions and billions of dollars because Joe Biden is a stupid person. We have a president who's a stupid person.
[Video] You said it on tape.
It is more powerful than ever before. And by the way, it will remain that way. We don't go in and out like other people. It will remain that way. I've come this afternoon to talk about the bright future of the Middle East, but first, let me begin by sharing the abundance of good news from a place called America.
He was giving them -- they were taking our jobs. They were taking our factories. They would take in everything. They would take in our wealth and I gave you $28 billion. Say, thank you very much, President Xi. It came right out of China and because of that, everybody's happy in Iowa. I just hope you remember that on November 3rd.
Remember that? He was brave. He was very brave. He fought a hard battle. That last couple of years, he fought a hard battle. But Barack Hussein Obama against -- he won -- she sided with Barack Hussein Obama against me on a thing called the Trump travel ban. And the travel ban meant we want to keep people from terrorist countries out of the United States, if you don't mind.
Hello, Arizona. We love being in Arizona. We've been here all day and all night. It is great to be in the great state of Arizona, with thousands of hard-working and beautiful American patriots. Thank you very much. In just 18 days, the people of Arizona are going to send Martha McSally, a great woman -- I will tell you, I know her well -- she's a great woman -- to the United States Senate to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and continue making America great again.
Other than that, they're quite nice. I really like them. The way they win -- with all these policies, how can they win? I always said they're not 50-50. They cheat in elections. That's what I really believe. Somebody would say, "What a horrible thing to say about our republic." Let me tell you, they cheat in elections, and you got it stacked up. And again, thank you.
I don't know. I don't know that I get credit for this, OK. Because I certainly I don't get the credit. But I've had guys in my office that would give me anything I want. I had one guy come in. He said Donald. You know I've been in first place practically since, since June 16th, practically the whole route, right?
What, a search operation?
Amazing, amazing. And Hillary can't fill a room. Look at this, this is called -- this is called filling a stadium. And I have no guitar and no piano, right? I mean, she gets Jay-Z and Beyonce the other night. The language, right, the language was so bad. People were insulted. They started walking. Hillary then walks into the stage, hugs them, hugs them, hugs them.
So I just want to thank you all for being here and we're going to have a tremendous -- I think we're going to have a tremendous -- thank you, darling. Thank you. I love your hat too, make America great again. Make America great again. Thank you. Wow. I like that. Wow. That's great. Look at her. She's a fan.
Right now, as we speak, it was released last week, we have 179,000 illegal criminal immigrants. Illegal criminal. These are people that have been convicted of crimes, some very big crimes. That means we have 179,000 people here that have committed crimes that shouldn't -- big crimes that shouldn't be in the country.
So folks, we have to win. We don't win anymore. We don't win on trade. We don't win with the military. We can't beat ISIS. We don't win anymore. We're going to start winning like you've never seen before. We're going to win with our military. We're going to kick the hell out of ISIS. We have no choice.
It's peanuts compared to what we pay to some. But $750 million. I say that's all right. Put out a notice immediately that we're stopping payment. We're not going to pay anymore. And they said, "Sir, I don't think it will work. We tried everything. That's why we kept them here because we couldn't get them out." That's all right.
Well, that was quite a display, wasn't it? Now there's a lot of love in this room. A lot of people say to me friends of mine, they're very successful. They say how do you speak in front of 25,000 people and 10,000 people and all of this? You know why there's such love in the room. It's easy, No, it's true.
And Bibi didn't listen to him. And I tell you what, they're in a much stronger position now than they were three months ago, that's for sure. Nobody's ever seen anything like this happen. And Bibi called me today and he said, "It's incredible what's happened." I said, "It's pretty incredible." But he wouldn't listen to Biden because if he did, they wouldn't be in this position.
And I didn't ask for it. I didn't know. First time, first time, they've ever done it, right? First time they've ever done it and they gave me an endorsement. And it's so important. Now Sheriff Joe from Arizona -- you know, I want Arizona really big and Sheriff Joe was with me and it was incredible and we love it. Now, look we have to have strong borders.
Our next President must also stand up for America and promote American values. Do you all remember President Obama's apology tour? He apologized for the United States. We're sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. His naive words were followed by even more naive actions, the failure to establish a new Status of Forces Agreement in Iraq, and the election driven timetable for withdrawal, a disaster, surrendered our gains in that country, and led directly to the rise of ISIS.
Right. Unidentified
We had the opposite. We stopped the invasion. But the invasion that we stopped was peanuts by comparison to what happened after I left. Look at what happened after I left. They took over our country. We ended all catch and release. We shut down asylum fraud. We stopped human trafficking and forged historic agreements to keep illegal aliens on foreign soil.
They use the word -- they don't use liberal anymore. They use progressive because it sounds so nice, progressive. What is progressive? That means forward thinking. It's not -- it's the opposite. But she's a -- she's the most liberal senator that we've had in 50 or 60 years, I think probably ever, but far more liberal than crazy Bernie.
Thank you, Pastor. A great, great honor.
You know, his legacy will endure for a long, long time in this state. He loves this state and the people so much. And together, we all join to express our deep gratitude to Terry for everything he has done for Iowa and for its people. Mr. Ambassador, thank you very much. And have a good time in China. [Applause]
One of the things I did was let them run it, and we're going to show how bad a job they do. Well, we did that. We don't have to wait any longer. We got to get crime out of our cities. Thank you very much for a good question. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. Kim, thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.
He's the only man that ever -- that I've ever seen, his whole campaign is, "We will raise your taxes." I've said, I've never heard of that. You know, all my life, I've watched politicians. I grow up with politicians. They're always saying, "We'll cut your taxes." Well, he's the only guy I know that says, "We're gonna raise your taxes." So I cut your taxes with them, the highest level cut, the most in the history of our country.
And I'm going to fight to bring us all together as Americans. We're a divided nation, we're divided in so many different ways. We are a divided nation. We're going to come together -- finally we're going to come together again.
Inflation is the worst it's been in 40 years. Gas prices are up 50%. The grocery shelves, the department store shelves, they're empty. You had an excuse not to buy Christmas gifts. You say to your loved one, "Darling, I'm sorry. I love you very much, but I just can't. There's no merchandise in Tiffany.
Biden. He couldn't do one. Couldn't do a half. Couldn't do a sentence. And if I would have made one mistake, if there was one mispronunciation of a complex word, they would have said, Trump is losing it. With Biden, they say, oh, it's OK. But it's true, I did -- I did five -- I did one day where I did six.
I am with you, I support you and as president I have your backs 100 percent. You'll never see me waver a little bit, that's the way it is. And that includes our great police officers and firemen and all of these people that are doing so well. Together over the next few years, we're going to make our military stronger, tougher, faster fiercer and more powerful than it has ever been before.
It literally -- I mean, literally, they want our military to be woke and it's just not going to happen.
And they were going to be deported for good reason. You know, if our country deports somebody, they've got to be pretty, pretty out there. Well, they pressed the wrong button, and congratulations, we have 1,800 new citizens of the United States.
I have actually done more than I promised. We've done a lot. Even with the veterans. [Applause] A lot of veterans in Louisiana. We got Veterans Choice. We got Veterans Choice approved, which is pretty amazing. They've been trying to get that for years and years -- decades and decades. And we got Accountability -- VA Accountability.
But -- and there will be some people in the room that don't like this. We're down to 3.7 percent unemployment -- the lowest number in a long time. But think of this: I got all these companies moving in. They need workers. We have to bring people into our country to work these great plants that are opening up all over the place.
And this is why I'm angry at John McCain for two reasons. Number one, John McCain -- you've got to remember this -- he's totally about open borders and all of this stuff. And when I went to Arizona, he called these 15,000 unbelievable people -- unbelievable. I know crazies, okay? I know crazies.
They don't want to be fired and lose everything, lose their family, lose their house. But to everyone here in Nevada and all across our nation, I make this vow to you. November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America. Liberation Day. [Audience chants "USA"] My teleprompter -- people are doing a great job, though.
But you're going to say that the vote you cast was the most important vote that you've ever cast because our country will start winning again. We're going to start winning again. And you're going to be proud of your country again. And hopefully, hopefully you'll be proud of your president. But you're going to be proud of your country again.
That means the room were stacked. So I had a thousand people in the room, most of whom, were donors to these other guys. And people would say something that was like, you know, nothing. And you'd hear clapping. That's because they're desperate to have these people elected. So it's sort of funny but I had it pointed out.
But he -- [Audience boos]
He's a fantastic guy. A woman who's been with me right from the beginning and she's been great on criminal justice reform and helping us in so many ways, Alveda King. Alveda, thank you. And Pam Bondi, where is Pam? I saw Pam there. Pam Bondi. Pam Bondi is great. She was the attorney general of Florida for a long time and she's never looked better.
We didn't lose. And by the way, does anybody believe that Joe had 80 million votes? Does anybody believe that? He had 80 million computer votes. It's a disgrace. There's never been anything like that. You could take Third World countries. Just take a look take Third World countries. Their elections are more honest than what we've been going through in this country.
One's the Head of Johns Hopkins, one's the Head of Walter Reed, One's the Head -- these incredible doctors. And I looked at the alternatives, all things we developed in the last seven months and one of them is Regeneron and I said, I'll take that one because it -- very early in the testing, but it had great numbers.
This has been a very historic week in American politics. The voters have always known that our leadership in Washington, D.C. is corrupt, and that the system is very badly rigged -- a word that I believe I used first, that has been copied all over the place. It's badly rigged and it's broken.
We are going to start winning again. And I'll tell you something. The potential here is incredible. I want to be in a position where in two years, three years, four years, you're going to say, "I was there with our future president and he gave a speech and he said we're going to win. And he more than fulfilled." I fulfill things.
Remember it was Bill Clinton who signed - remember it was Bill Clinton who signed - remember it was Bill Clinton, who signed NAFTA. One of the worst economic deals NAFTA, one of the worst economic deals NAFTA, one of the worst economic deals ever made by our country or frankly any ever made by our country or frankly any ever made by our country or frankly any other country never ever again.
They put in a motion saying that, "Take her. Her name is Tarla or something, take her out of the case." The reason they want her out of the cases, she is a horrible, horrible witness. She's got in writing that she loves it. And I could have settled it and when I saw her documentation, I said, why would I give her money?
And we had the -- you know, that was China virus territory and a lot of people were afraid to come out like security, and a lot of people, they were afraid. Nobody knew what was going on. But we have good people. I don't -- I can't imagine it would be possible. They're going to try. They have all their A-Team out.
I don't want them to change. I don't want them to have time to pivot. I want them to go with this stuff. But we still have to be careful. And it'll never happen as long as I'm President, so you can bet on that. So, just to finish up -- you're friends of mine; I know a lot of people in the room.
And you know I'm not even sure if I should call that an honor. You know I always hesitate to say it because that means you're in trouble, and I don't like to think I had trouble. But a lot of people think because I had trouble and came back -- No, I never went bankrupt. A lot of my friends went bankrupt.
The carnage would not have been what the carnage was. We have to protect our Second Amendment. Hillary Clinton wants to kill our second amendment. [Applause]
So he's not going to do the job, OK? Not going to do the job. We have so many problems with this country. We have so many problems and we're going to make this country so great, so strong. We're going to build up our military and we're not going to use our military. We're not going to have to use our military.
I said, "No, thank you." He wants to ban school choice and charter schools. And in the second term, and I've already started, we will provide school choice to every parent in America. One of the most important [Inaudible]. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs and limitless future.
And you bring the law enforcement, and the law enforcement says, "I can't do anything." If your constitutional rights have been violated, we will defend you. If you have illegal aliens invading your home, we will deport you. We will not allow your homes to be taken from you in any way, shape, or form. We will stop the plunder, rape, slaughter, and destruction of our American suburb, cities, and towns. [Audience responses "Yeah"]
It's too much. They're paying 25%, 28%. It's too much. We are going to become energy independent again and energy dominant in a very short period of time like no other country has ever been. We will do things that no other country has ever been able to do with energy because we have more energy than anybody else.
So, I called him up and I said listen, you've been doing this for 24 years. You want to do something else? Like how would you like to be ambassador to China? And I didn't think he'd really do it. [Laughter] It's a long trip. Twenty-one hours? That's a lot of plane time.
And it's gone. Everybody hated it. And we passed Veterans Choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor, instead of waiting on line for one month, two months, three months, four months. And having a simple illness corrected, you'd have people that stand in line so long they would have a simple problem, and by the time they got to see a doctor, they were terminally ill.
You were wrong. I don't care if I get it right, actually. I couldn't care less. I didn't care. I actually haven't been accused that I know of, of calling it wrong. But if I did, they'd say that "He did it on purpose." And you could do that. I've done a lot of bad name-calling where you call somebody that you know how to say the name perfectly and you call it on purpose.
But I'm not increasing taxes. You have a Democratic Party, truly a Democrat. I don't like the word democratic, because it's not a democratic. Do you ever noticed they way everyone calls it the Democratic Party. It's not demo -- It's called the Democrat Party. Really is.
So, unless it's going to be a movement type of event like I think is happening where we can actually run the whole -- we can run the table on them. But unless it's going to be something like I see happening -- I mean, look at you, in the middle of the day, you don't want to be -- you're sitting in a hangar with thousands and thousands of people.
But, look, Al is a con man. We all know that. Just a con man. He's a con man. And he scared NBC into giving him a show. You know, they don't want to have any trouble. But he's a -- just a, sort of a third-rate con guy. But here's Van Jones. Here's Van Jones. Van Jones: "I want to thank Al Sharpton.
I said, "Jim, did you ever wrestle?" Then I checked his record. This guy was a champion in college for three years. He was undefeated in high school. I heard he was undefeated. Never defeated. Think of it. I know a lot about sports. To go as a freshman and to beat seniors is almost impossible. He was undefeated for four years.
These are bad people. They're trying to destroy our country, and we can't let it go on any longer, because we have too much work to do. [Inaudible]? Whether through activist attorney generals, these state attorney generals, if I fly over a state, they send me before a grand jury, "There's Trump, he's up there.
The retailers, every group you talk about the retailers, every group you talk about the retailers, every group is well covered and every one of these is well covered. And every one of these is well covered. And every one of these people is not going to necessarily do - people is not going to necessarily do people is not going to necessarily do the right thing for the people for the - the right thing for the people for the - the right thing for the people.
That's what happened. Oh, and then when they get caught, she said, oh well, I paid him back. Oh how? In cash. I gave him cash. Really? She didn't give him cash. By the way, if she gave him cash, that's even worse, because where the hell did she get the cash, right? I paid him back, because if she didn't pay him back, she committed a big crime because she got money that she gave through the state.
That's pretty good. So, they'll be able to defend themselves and we will no longer be paying for it. And I think that's a very big -- I think that's a very big thing. So, we've achieved incredible things in a very short period of time. And in polling released just last week it was announced that the approval for Congressional Democrats under Hakeem Jeffries has reached the lowest ever recorded, 19 percent.
They catch murderers, drug dealers, the worst people they bring them back and their country says we're not taking them. They go through the Secretary of State. She said, bring them back and the crime that's been committed by these people is unbelievable. I promise you this: there won't be one instance, not one, where when we bring somebody back to their country where they belong, where that plane comes back with that person sitting on that plane; there won't be one instance; there won't be one instance; it'll never happen.
Thank you. Thank you. Wow, what a crowd. You got a lot of people standing outside. Would you like to let them take your place? [Audience responds "No"]
OK.
I made a promise that I will always keep Social Security, Medicare. We always will keep it. We won't be cutting it. We have liquid gold under the ground. We'll be drilling like a son of a gun, but we're leaving your Social Security around. They won't, and they can't make that pledge because their economic theory is no good, because they're taking in millions and millions of people in this country and they're spending.
There was a lot of pressure on everybody, including on the FDA, not to let this happen before the election. So let me tell you, if Biden was in charge of this vaccine, just like the swine flu, he was in charge of -- H1N1, right, which he can never get right. He can't remember it. It's always messed up. Sometime he does N1H1, and I say, "No." But it's the swine flu.
And by the way, Fourth of July, how good was that ceremony? We're going to do it again and again. They said the tanks are too heavy for the streets. I said, OK. Let's use airplanes. That's OK. They're not too heavy and we had a crowd that was unbelievable at the mall, right? The Lincoln -- the Lincoln Memorial.
The things that happened in the recent election, dead people voting, dead people, worse, dead people voting who had to apply to vote. It's true. You had people that are dead that applied to vote. And by the way, I'm talking about thousands of people, thousands and thousands of people, dead people, illegal aliens voting, Indians getting paid to vote in certain states, including Arizona and Nevada getting paid to vote.
And you look at West Virginia, what happened there during the primaries. It was a massive landslide for Trump. And it was very interesting because after winning New York, here we are standing on 5th Avenue and I said -- and the all just incredible street of New York. And for some reason, and it had nothing to do with West Virginia, I just said it because I was seeing what was happening with this industry.
They don't want that because they don't want people to know that they don't happen to live in our country. No more fake drop boxes, no private money pouring into local election offices. And ultimately, we need very simply, same-day voting with only paper ballots. That's all we need. We are just two days away from the most important midterm election in American history, and we need a landslide so big that the radical left cannot rig it or steal it. Everybody needs to get out and vote.
You do know they're looking to raise your taxes by a lot to pay for the Green New Deal. [Audience boos]
And here's what's going to happen. They're going to have lobbyists call me. But I didn't take any of their money. They're going to have special interests call me. But I didn't take any of their money. They're going to have donors, donors, donors. But I didn't take any of their money. I don't give a damn for them folks.
I wish I would've done this on the border. I wish we would've closed up the border. I wish we didn't have the horrific acts of violence against all of those children and all of the things And she could've really done and I said, "Well, this will be a good answer." She didn't know what the hell to say.
We're live. Amazing. Bum, bump, bump. I think they're just turning them all off there. Watch. You go home, they'll, say why did it end so abruptly? A vote for Trump is a vote for America first, and it's a vote to protect Medicare and Social Security and lower your taxes. Big, big tax decrease. We're gonna lower your taxes.
Both people, shockingly, won the gold medal in their division. So, it's crazy. [Audience boos] And if you look at weightlifting contests, they're the best of all. For years and years and years ago, they put an eighth of a pound on one side of the barbell, an eighth of a pound on the other, and they can't do it, and the record's standing for 18 years.
He's down in Florida, very successful guy, very wealthy guy. In fact, maybe I'll use him to negotiate against Japan, OK? Believe me. Believe me. All you have to do is go home, relax. This guy makes -- he only makes good deals. So what happens, what happens, he said, how many people are you speaking in front of? I said, maybe about 12,000, 15,000. He said, how do you do that?
Thank you. Once my clenched fist went up and it was high into the air, you've all seen that, the crowd realized I was OK and roared with pride for our country like no crowd I have ever heard before. Never heard anything like it. For the rest of my life, I will be grateful for the love shown by that giant audience of patriots that stood bravely on that fateful evening in Pennsylvania.
I'd make -- I made 58 phone calls, 58. They're called teleconference calls. Everybody I made it to did so great. I was responsible for getting these people elected. In the House, we were expected to lose 25 to 35 seats. And instead of losing 25 to 35 seats, we lost for the first time in many decades zero seats.
But now, anybody sitting there reading this saying, man Trump can't be that smart. You know he said, bring back Gone With The Wind, that's an old movie. It's an old classic, bring back, make, what I Say is make great movies, you know. Not this computerized crap. Computerized garbage. And I was never a fan of Brad Pitt, I will tell you.
And they can't get their money back in because Tim, we'll tell you, the taxes are too high.
We can easily have protection. But we're gonna have protection for tunnels. Now, we're gonna have a real border. We're gonna have a real wall. Mexico is gonna pay for it. Mexico, right now, we have a trade deficit with Mexico of approximately $60 billion a year. Believe me. The wall is peanuts compared to the kind of money they're making with the United States.
When you joke or when you're sarcastic, the fake news will take a story like that. I'll say, I never said I was going to raise your taxes. He says, "Vote for me. I'll raise your taxes." Kiddingly, kiddingly, kiddingly. These people are the worst. When I imitated Joe Biden because he couldn't get off a stage -- so, I'd imitate him because he couldn't find the stairs and look around.
And as sure as you're standing there you know you know the fact I mean you see the same papers and same stories that I'm saying. But Iran is taking over Iraq. ISIS is taking much of the oil which finally we're bombing, OK. We should have kept it but finally we're bombing, we really did have because mine was to keep -- mine was to bomb it and keep it. OK. Now we're bombing it and somebody else is going to get it. All right.
We don't win anymore. He said, we want to win. We don't win anymore. We're gonna win a lot. If I get elected, we're gonna win a lot. We're gonna win so much. We're going to win a lot. We're going to win so much you're all going to get sick and tired of winning years. You'll say, oh no, not again. I'm only kidding.
Our heavy industries have exported overseas, and our middle class has been eviscerated right here at home, been eviscerated. Housing costs are out of control. Inflation has cost a typical family $28,000. Think of it. In less than four years, $28,000. And we have filthy encampments. We have horrible, disgusting, dangerous, filthy encampments of junkies and homeless people living in places that our children used to play little league baseball, which they don't get to play very much anymore, do they? Over the past three years, in New York City, there has been a 29% increase in robbery, a 36% increase in felony assault, a 42% increase in grand larceny, a 75% increase in carjackings.
I bring back bad memories. But, the nicknames are good. What do you like better? Sleepy Joe? They're both accurate. What do you like better? [Audience responds "Criminal Joe"] He says criminal. Criminal. Okay. Wait a minute. Okay. We'll go Sleepy and then we'll -- Wait. Wait. You applaud if you like it. We'll go sleepy first and then we'll -- Sleepy Joe. Crooked Joe. [Audience member calls out "That's the end of that."] That Crooked Joe is a bad guy.
And those people were following me around that week in Indiana. They came from Indianapolis and Carrier had a big plant, and they said, we're closing it folks, and remember it was on all over television. We're closing it. We're moving to Mexico. Now, I don't blame Mexico. I don't blame Mexico and I don't blame China for ripping us off, and they are ripping us, big league, right?
That should be enough to stop her right there. Well, she stopped. Hey, listen, they had a poll last week. It was a classic. Just to show you how fake the media is. So the headline was, "Haley Surges." I said, "Uh-oh, this is bad. I better read this little thing." So I went up seven points to 74. I went up seven.
no problem
And Bernie Sanders was saying the same thing. Bernie Sanders was saying, "Look, we'll just let him be in there, and then we'll -- when he gets in, we'll take it over." That's what's going to happen, because that's where their party is. It's -- it's become a sick ideology. And we have to win. We will solve the problem very quickly, very easily. We have to win.
We're going to start winning so much that you're going to be calling me saying, "Mr. President, I was at your rally in Pittsburgh. We don't want to win anymore. It's too much. We can't take it." You know what I'm going to say? "I don't care. We're going to keep winning, because we're going to make our country so strong again." And you're gonna go out, and you're gonna vote and you're gonna remember this evening and you're gonna say it was a great evening.
And what have we done and what have we gotten for it? So I actually said, "Take the oil. Give them plenty. At least give us back our 1.5 trillion." You know, in the old days, we'd have a war, right? You know, when we were smart and when we were strong. We'd have a war. And if we won the war, which we always used to, if we won the war, we take it. We take what we need.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen of Texas, it is a great honor to be with you this evening, and the media would love it, and everybody would be out of here so fast. You wouldn't have come in the first place when you get right down to it, but Democrats will never get that chance because Texas will never give it to them.
They've been living with them for years and they don't want to put up with it anymore. So we are going to get rid of them, day one. We start day one. The reign of terror and it is that. You go to some places and you will see it. The reign of terror will be over and it will be over fast. Remember, our law enforcement, our police who by the way, should get a tremendous hand because what they have to put up with.
Which really is a terrible thing, because when I won New Hampshire, the New Hampshire people were unbelievable -- my first victory was in New Hampshire. Where, by the way, I hear I have a seven point lead, you know? [Applause]
And we're not supposed to be a police force. We're supposed to be fighting soldiers. And we could win that war very easily if we wanted to lose -- kill a million people that have nothing to do with it, that don't know anything about us. And it's really a great feeling. I saw it. I watched the ceremony today, early in the morning, on our television.
The increases were massive last year and they will be bigger this year. Insurance companies are fleeing. One of the top insurers says Obamacare is in a death spiral, there is nothing they can do. They can't compare something to it because it won't be there very long. It is not working. Under Obamacare, we have seen double and triple digit hikes in premiums. Many Americans left with only a single insurer to choose from. Now many of those insurers are fleeing also. You have many like the great state of Tennessee where half of the state already has no insurance carrier. And many others. Obamacare is a catastrophe created exclusively by the Democrats in Congress. And they know it is no good.
She wants men to be able to participate in women's sports. [Audience boos] No. She probably got rid of that. Like, "No fracking. There will be no -- " For her whole life, she's no fracking. "No oil and gas. We don't want oil and gas." So, really, how are we going to get the cars to run? Well, we want to go a little bit further.
Ossoff supports the largest tax hike in American history. If they get in, Warnock and Ossoff, if they get in, you're gonna have the largest tax increase that you've ever had. It'll be the largest tax increase in the history of our country. For what? The Green New Deal. Let's rip down a building because its windows are too big, let's build a building with no windows, among many other things.
In my next term, we will build a great iron dome over our country, a dome like has never seen before, a state of the art missile defense shield that will be entirely built in America. And we will create on top of everything else, jobs, jobs, jobs. And we need protection, too. We're going to build the greatest dome of them all.
If you get out and vote, if we win this election, which we will, I really believe we will, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again and we will make America great again. God bless you, everybody. Go out and vote. [Applause]
Right? A 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous terrorist spots anywhere in the world including Syria, Somalia, where Omar, Omar -- That's the other reason I'm gonna win. Omar. Ilhan. Ilhan Omar. She loves our country very much. And Yemen, right? Now, I'm gonna help, she's gonna help me win. She's gonna protest when I go up there, and I'll say, "Thank you very much.
Oh, sir, that was so controversial, sir. No, I'm just saying it's their choice. They can come back when they want. But you know they don't love our country. I think in some cases, they hate our country, and they're so angry. Even yesterday, they were on the stage. I said. Let me watch this and the anger.
And I thought that was nice. And then I got him past the crackhead because that guy was -- and don't kid yourself. That guy at the time was a very strong politician. They all said he was going to be a president someday. He's going to be a president. You remember him? Good-looking guy, everything good. And Ron said he can't beat him.
Oh, they were thrilled when I got there. You know, a lot of presidents get none because they stay in office, they're usually appointed at a young age. It's interesting. I have a friend in New York, he wanted to be a judge so bad and when I -- when he -- great lawyer, actually. When I won, uh, he called me. He said, "Wow. Do you believe" -- big real estate lawyer.
I think somebody probably higher up said, "You can't do that." A senator that said, "Is everything being honest in Georgia? Are they having honest elections?" Let's indict him for asking that question. No. They tried to go after a couple of people that you wouldn't even believe if you heard their name. Their whole campaign plan is to attack me because they've done nothing else.
I mean, it looked like the Academy Awards, I said it all the time. It looked like the Academy Awards and it's that something I wanted to do. I love [Inaudible] it's great company. I have a nice life, I have a wonderful family. Now, my family is involved in this. They're all excited. Eric and Don, Ivanka and Tiffany and all of them.
Way to go man. Thank you. Appreciate it. I appreciate it.
I was expecting to be at 182. Yesterday, we hit 187. Can you believe that? Pretty amazing. And when the left-wing arsonists came for Judge Kavanaugh, we refused to back down and he refused to back down. And that's what they are. This week, I also signed legislation delivering record funding for our nation's amazing historically black colleges and universities.
And so my people said, "So we're gonna close it down." We had thousands of people,I don't know, you probably all saw it last night, uh tens of thousands. We were gonna have 25, 30,000 people. And don't forget, they've done a terrible job in Minnesota where they let Minneapolis burn down and they could've called us a lot sooner.
Sir, there seems to be a misunderstanding." I said, "No." Obama couldn't get him back. Nobody could get him back. Bush couldn't get him back. Nobody could get him back. I got him back. It took me about one phone call. So, we said, "No, there's no misunderstanding. You send them over in caravans and you don't take them back.
They'll go crazy. A couple of days later they'll say let's go. We just saved $150 billion, and by the way, this isn't like maybe, this is 100%. This is 100%, but we have people that don't know what they're doing like John Kerry, our Secretary of State. We have people that don't know what they're doing. [Audience Boos] He's not equipped to negotiate.
We have people that don't know what they're doing. Companies are moving to Mexico and every place else. We have NAFTA, which was by the way, a Clinton deal. And as you know, Bill Clinton was married to crooked Hillary Clinton. You know that, right? You know that. And that is a total disaster. NAFTA has been a disaster.
Think of this. And some of our numbers are higher than they were, housing and different things. Some of our numbers are higher than they were even before the pandemic. I mean, it's pretty amazing. [Inaudible] You know why? Because we built such a strong foundation. If we didn't have that strong foundation, this would be a disaster.
Terrible. Then to have me throwing food in the White House. I don't throw food in the White House. I don't throw food anywhere. I eat the food, which is a problem. I'd probably be better off if I threw it. I think the next time I should throw it, I won't eat it. I'll be much better off. But I'm throwing food in the White House.
That doesn't look good. You land in a country, and you get off of the children's stairs. They persecuted Christians and pro-life activists. You know that. They've labeled parents at school board meetings as domestic terrorists. I mean, can you believe it? But they have. You know, when I first heard that, they have actually gone after parents viciously and violently.
Right at the beginning, before I knew anything, I just knew we had a thing called common sense together. Thank you. [Audience chants "We love you"]
And we directed all federal workers to return to the office in person or unfortunately they're fired. You're fired. You know, some of these guys got their golf handicap way down during the so-called time where they're supposed to be working at home. You know, they weren't working at home. Who the hell would work at home?
We want the prisoners. Release them now." That was three years ago. Release them now. You don't need them you don't want them. Your people don't even know you have them. Release the prisoners now. It'll be good for the deal. It'll set a good tone. Really good tone. Release him now. They'll say, "No, we won't do that.
I had no wars. Remember when crooked Hillary Clinton -- remember when crooked Hillary was screaming during a debate, "He's going to start wars. He's going to have wars. He's going to prosecute wars all over the place. Look at him, he's a very volatile person." I'm actually not. I'm a very calm person.
So what happened is we're building the wall. A lot of people coming in, a lot of death, a lot of destruction, a lot of people pouring in. But peanuts, compared to what it is, this is peanuts. And I got Mexico. I said, you're going to have to pay for the soldiers free of charge. They laughed at me. They said, we're not doing that.
[Crowd cheering]
He's blocking that. He doesn't want them to build it at a time when we're sitting on trillions of dollars of wealth. I call it liquid gold, right? That could help us pay off the debt. You know we have 35 trillion dollars in debt. Reduced taxes further, I gave you the biggest tax -- We've got the biggest tax cut in the history of our country, bigger than the Reagan tax cut, and protect the security of ourselves and our allies.
They were -- they came from me, bounce back. Every pandemic has a big bounce back at the end of a pandemic. And we had a very quick bounce back, and we did a great job on the pandemic. Never got the credit I got for the military. We rebuilt it. We beat ISIS very quickly, very rapidly. They said it was going to take five years to beat ISIS.
Do you believe that? How about a guy who represents Hillary Clinton? He's in a law firm that represents Democrat. It's headed up by Chuck Schumer's brother, this law firm, Robert Schumer. Think of this. Now, think of this. He calls up the prosecutor. Think of this. He calls up the District Attorney of Manhattan.
And they'll be flowing in, and that's better than trucking over the roads. That's better than any other way. And it wasn't going to get approved. There was so many jobs like that. You know those two because they were getting a lot of attention.
I mean, we can't beat ISIS. Tell that to Gen. Douglas MacArthur, we can't beat ISIS. Tell that to Gen.
And we did a job. But I never talked about it. I couldn't talk about it because I didn't want to say about how well we're doing on terrorism and then have a terrorism attack the next day. So I never got to talk about it. But the day I left, I started talking about what a great job we did. Thousands and thousands of people are coming in and you notice they're all men and they're all between 18 and 25 or 26 years old, practically all meaning like military.
I said, "Oh." And they got me. I said, "I want to wear it on stage." When they said I look thinner, I said, "In that case, I'll wear it on stage." I may never wear a blue jacket again. I may go -- I may go in the -- they said that. That was my -- that was the word. That was the key. "Sir, you look thinner."
We're going to build a wall. We're going to build a wall. And I owe them. I owe them. No matter when I went. They talk about Common Core. They talk about everything but what they really talk about is the tremendous drug explosion. And it just seems so strange because you look at it, it's so beautiful with the trees, and the beautiful roadways, and everything.
And that's No. 1. That's No. 1, I will tell you right now. That -- that beats out the economy. That beats it all out. To me, it's not even close. The United States is now an occupied country, but on November 5th, 2024, that will be liberation day in America. Liberation day. [Applause] Thank you. So sad.
And in the end, they're not after me. They're after you. I just happen to be standing in the way. Thank you very much, I appreciate it. Not the easiest thing I've ever done. Building buildings was much easier. Remember, every communist regime throughout history has tried to stamp out the churches, just like every fascist regime has tried to co-opt them and control them.
And that's for two and a half years, if they stopped at two and a half. It's even better now, because we're almost up to three. I don't even know if you folks know that, but think of that statistic: $400 for eight years, $975 for eight years, and $9,000 for two and a half years. I mean -- [Audience member calls out "Four more years"]
He's always giving money to charity when there's a problem like in North Carolina. He went to go with me. He wrote out a big check all the time. He's a fantastic man. Steve Witkoff. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Steve. Great guy. So, in conclusion, here are the facts. Kamala is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas herself.
Gasoline prices have gone up 67% since Obama took office two years ago, and rising gas prices will absolutely kill any movement in the economy. We can't. That's the blood of the economy. And by the way, the 67% I got that stat four weeks ago. Since then, you know what's happened. It's much higher. Between our pathetically weak dollar and our president's inability to rein in the OPEC nations, fuel prices will be hitting levels never even dreamt of before.
They refuse to show the size of our crowds, and I don't understand why. And it's actually good for them. I was very good at getting good television ratings. By the way, I still am. Did you see where all these people that don't like us, they're dying? I saw Jimmy Kimmel said that his show is practically dead because nobody that likes Trump will watch.
And right now Mexico Joe is building the biggest car plants anywhere in the world, and they want to sell the cars back into the United States. They're stealing your jobs. Who would allow that to happen? And you know who owns the car plants being built in Mexico? China. It's crazy. Who would believe it? THank you.
He said they are coming people that never really cared to vote; they are great Americans, but they never wanted to vote for the people that they would see; he said they are miles long, they have got Trump gear, Trump pins, Trump pens, right? Tennessee. Congressman Duncan, right? Remember that, Mike? That was the first time I mean they said they've never seen anything like it.
The Senate Subcommittee on Immigration has already identified hundreds of immigrants charged with terrorist activities inside the United States since September 11th.
Wheels work and walls work. And you have a lot of different things becoming obsolete. But the wheel and the wall, the walls work. Harris wants to be the president for criminals and illegal aliens. I will be the President for law-abiding Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed. And it's no wonder the Democrat Party and their thugs are so desperate to stop us. They know that we are the only ones who can stop them.
We don't have -- we are $20 trillion, half of which came during the Obama years. And yet we didn't fix anything. Our roads are bad, our bridges are bad, our tunnels are bad, our schools are bad, our hospitals are bad. We're going to start making things again in America. As part of our plan to bring back our jobs, we're going to lower our business tax from 35 percent to 15 tax, the biggest since Ronald Reagan. [Applause]
And I will tell you that, last year in the budget -- this year also -- last year, we got $6 billion -- $6 billion -- to work on the opioid problem at every level, including people -- really helping people that are in need of help.
We defend Europe, it's not fair they're not paying what they should be paying. We'll work it out, but they got to pay their bills. And you know what? In the end, they're going to like us more and in the end they're going to respect us ,they're going to respect us. Under the previous administration, the United States lost nearly a quarter of a million manufacturing jobs.
They don't have water. They're notifying people in Beverly Hills you can only use 40 gallons of water. They don't have water. By the way, they could have so much water. I had it all set. All of the federal government approvals were done. All he had to do is sign a little piece of paper, and I won't let him get away with that again because he had to sign one piece of paper, and water would be pouring down from up north, pouring down from Canada.
We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before and ladies and gentlemen of Louisiana, the best is yet to come. Together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong against... Already happening. We will make America proud again.
When that was played back, they didn't know what the hell to do, but they went forward with it anyway, because there are sick people. The American dream will come roaring back in our country. Together, we're going to make America greater than it's ever been before. And I just want to thank you. And congratulations on your record evening.
It's ridiculous for him to be negotiating with these people. These people, I got to know them all. They're at the top of their game. They are at the top of their game. And we have somebody that, 30 years ago, wasn't at the top of any game. He wasn't 30 years ago. Never was. He was a glad hand. That's all he was.
We fill it up with a little tank of gas, we fly it to Pakistan, or we fly it home. You think it's cheaper to leave it?" "Yes, sir. I think it's cheaper." So, I know where Biden got the idea, from these people. They're stupid people. You know, we have great military, like I defeated ISIS. Everyone said you couldn't defeat.
And thank you very much for what you've done for us and we will always be with you. Thank you, Mohammed. I appreciate it. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you.
You have one of the dumbest governors in the United States. And you know when I endorsed him, and I didn't know this guy, at the request of David Perdue, he said, "Friend of mine's running for governor.", "What's his name?" And you know the rest. He was in fourth place, fifth place. I don't know, he was wait -- He was doing poorly.
We're going to be looking at a lot of different things and you know a lot of people are saying that. And a lot of people are saying that bad things are happening out there. We're going to be looking at that and plenty of other things. OK. Go ahead. Yes, ma'am. Go ahead. Go ahead. Unidentified
He taught me a lot. I learned a lot from my father. And he said, son, you're too direct. You're too tough you too tough. Take it easy. Easy. You got to take the lumps out, son. Take the lumps out, right? We've got to take the lumps out. And he said, you're too just -- so in the old days, I would have said, we're not giving you $150 billion.
Can you remember that next time folks? Maybe, my people -- my people. Sometimes my people let me down. That happens a little bit, you know. But for the most part, I'll tell you what. We are doing great. This election's about jobs and judges, borders and protecting the blessings of freedom and prosperity for our children.
They can't see. Look at this look at these people dead, real estate. I call it they made a bad deal, they were late, they made a bad deal, you have crime, real estate, [Applause] but I love them just as much so we are so energized and it's going so good and I tell you what my supporters are so loyal. You know they said, Oh, Trump just blew it he's going to be out, he's going to be out that he just blew it.
Unbelievable. But he made me work for it. "Sir, you have to make a speech here. You have to make a speech there." But we did it and we won. And our country is doing unbelievably well now. We had a country that was dead one year ago, and now we have the hottest country anywhere in the world. And Charlie helped us make it that, one of one of the great people.
He could have run for the Senate, would have probably easily won because of the family name, would have won. And that would have been a tremendous thing. Instead, he wants to play games with running for president, where he's registered at less than 1%. I don't think he's going to make it. If he made it, it would be the biggest upset in the history of politics, any country.
If Democrats win, they will pack the Supreme Court with radical-left judges [Audience boos] who would shred our Second Amendment. And believe me, if they win, your Second Amendment is gone, OK? [Audience boos] They'll empower violent mobs and shield deadly criminals and terrorists, very simple. Joe Biden refuses to even answer questions on packing the Supreme Court.
They went out, and they voted and voted and voted, and we won the whole thing. And it was so good. It's such a great mandate for our country. That's the important thing. So, never let anyone tell you that something is impossible, ever, ever, ever. In America, the impossible is what we all do best. There is nothing you cannot do, if you are willing to fight for it. You got to fight, fight, fight.
No, but they were saying he raised a lot of money. That means he's making deals. It's so easy. I work only for the American people. I work only for you. Joe Biden uses his public office to enrich himself and his family. I use public office to bring jobs and wealth back to American workers and American families.
Where is he? Where's our man? Where is our mayor? As you know, he was one of the great prosecutors. He said, as long as I've done this, I've never heard of anything and what's happened with the FBI is so sad. And you have great, great people in the FBI and I wouldn't know, although it looks like we're reading stories about it, they are so disgusted at what's going on at the top.
And she was right, it did, it created 200,000 jobs for South Korea, not for us. [Laughter] Remember she was talking about, We will create 200,000 jobs. Nobody ever said where. They should have said, You mean, we assumed in the United States. Didn't work that way, it was a horrible deal. We made it into a fair deal. And that was the deal that was supposedly snatched -- snatched from my debt.
Ivanka you thank you all for being here. Ivanka you. Thank you all for being here. Ivanka, you want to say a word for a second. It has want to say a word for a second. It has want to say a word for a second. It has been such a pleasure to be here for the been such a pleasure to be here for the been such a pleasure to be here for the last several days with my father going last several days with my father going last several days with my father Going around and meeting the amazing people of around and meeting the amazing people of around and meeting the amazing people of Iowa, the reception has been so warm and Iowa, the reception has been so warm and Iowa, the reception has been so warm.
In other words, he had 8 million more votes that he's supposed to have. [Audience member calls out "Throw him in jail"]
If you noticed, your premiums are going up because of what we've done. Going up very little by comparison. Remember, last year I came here and the year before I came here, we were talking about increases of 115 percent, 190 percent, 216 percent in some states. And we got rid of a thing called the individual mandate, where... where you had the privilege of paying a fortune in order not to pay a fortune for bad health care.
As I say, I always say proudly, and my people say, "Please don't take Iowa for granted." Because I always say, "How the hell do I lose Iowa? I got the farmers of this country $28 billion. How the hell do I -- " But they're always saying, "Sir, please don't." I said, "I'll take my chances." Nobody else. Look, Ron DeSanctimonious was against the farmers and he was against ethanol.
But I took it away from Hillary because she's no longer relevant, even though she's still complaining about the election. Russia, it was Russia. No, it wasn't Russia. She's still complaining. They don't go after her, right? Did they indict her for complaining about the election results of 2016? Is Hillary indicted for that?
He's done a great job, and I endorse him fully immediately. And in 2028, he'd have a very good chance. But now I don't think he'd have much of a chance because he's been exposed as having no personality. And if a politician doesn't have some personality, you don't need a lot. Number one, you need super competence, and you've got to be smart as hell.
Then you'll never see them again. We either have a country or we don't. We're going to be so strong and just let me ask you one question about the wall. Who the hell is going to pay for the wall? [Audience calls out "Mexico"] What? [Audience calls out "Mexico"] So you know the head of Mexico today said there's no way we're paying for the wall.
She quit the first one, 22 people. She left. She never made it to the great state of Iowa, never made it. And now, we're running against her, but she's been exposed, you know, she's been exposed. She's a radical left lunatic who destroyed San Francisco. She's a lawyer, but we don't have to settle for weakness and incompetence and decline and decay.
They understand it, he doesn't. So I'm running for re-election to keep jobs at home, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China and other countries because if we win, America wins, you know that, you've seen that, you've seen what we've done. Over the last three and a half years we've secured America's borders, fix our broken trade deals, and they were broken like you've never seen.
And I'm going to over it, but we are going to create a lot of jobs, or taking jobs back from China and all these other that have just been ripping us. Ripping us -- Mexico, China, Japan, we are going to be taking them back. But you know, they were so happy in a certain way, they said, well
You got 91 billion, it's the largest amount of money ever given for a hurricane to a state, to any element, and that's the way it is, but you're getting your money one way or the other and we're not going to let anybody hold it up. And I think that the people of Puerto Rico are very grateful to Donald Trump for what we've done for them.
You know the one woman, no, it's true. I'd rather have that, I'd rather have that than have her say you're a wonderful politician. No, with that I'd rather have her say -- what's better than that, right, Michael? You're so handsome. You have such a great smile, but see here's what happened with her. She was so nice, but she was supposed to be, like, I think a former Hillary supporter, but the way she said it to me it was so nice.
So, so they can help them out that way. So so they can make a house a home like the rest of us make a house a home like the rest of us make a house a home like the rest of us live in and and enjoy life. Instead of live in and and enjoy life instead of live in and and enjoy life instead of struggling with the challenges that struggling with the challenges that struggling with the challenges that they've come up with and in protecting, they've come up with and in protecting, they've come Up with and in protecting us and giving us our right to do what we us and giving us our right to do what we us and giving us our right to do what we do.
And we're going to win. We're going to win at every single level. I often joke -- I joke. I have fun but it's really not joking. It's fact where I say we're going to win, win, win -- we're going to win so much. Friends of mine -- I have three or four friends, great friends in the audience, and I say they're going to come see me in the White House. Mr. President
We have to be accurate and we were really doing well against China. We still are, by the way, but we were doing so well, you know. Hey, do you remember that for years, for 10 years you heard China was going to supplant us in 2019, right. 2019 they were going to be bigger than us. Their economy well that didn't work out too well for them.
And all they want is every four years they come, they want is every four years they come. They want is every four years they come in and they say we want your vote, we in and they say we want your vote, we in and they say we want your vote. We want your vote after they get your vote, want your vote after they get your vote, want your vote after they get your vote, they say, see you in four years, they do they say, see you in four years.
I mean, just like forgotten. And we are lowering taxes, as you know, way down for the middle class. We're changing the tax structure completely. We had seven brackets, now we have three. And we are bringing it down actually for those making not a lot at zero. And we don't want them to send in because that's huge bureaucratically and extremely costly, but we are bringing the rates down to numbers that are much lower.
The windows were all dark. The pilots are great. You know, they say the greatest pilots are the ones that fly Air Force One, and all of the different things having to do with presidential, including the helicopters. But they said, "Sir, you're going to have to close your windows now and all lights are going off on Air Force One." I said, "Wow.
They're selling it. Doug, will you take that, please? All right? Write something up. No, I want them to give back. If we're going to give them that kind of money, let them give back the military equipment which they have. They have tanks and trucks and guns and goggles. They have goggles. They have night goggles better than we have, brand new, right out of the box.
Come on up here, Corey. Corey, would you ever leave New Hampshire?
haha
Believe me I know plenty with lots of money and they're not happy people. Religious freedom, the right of people of faith to freely practice their faith. So important. Yeah. Freedom of any kind means no one should be judged by their race or their color and the color of their skin should not be judged that way.
Some people. As long as I'm your President, I will always protect Medicare, and social security, like I promised. And he won't. And he won't. And America will continue to be the number one producer of oil, and natural gas, anywhere in the world. You don't have to worry about me, with your Ohio frackin'. You frack til your hearts' content.
I mean, you know, what are they doing? I don't even know what he's holding up. He's holding up some piece of paper. Some card. Usually its made in a factory and handed to these people. They had some of the other day in front of the Grand Hyatt Hotel which I built in Manhattan. And they had some guys. And the press went up to him.
We want normal life. We'll fully resume and next year will be one of the greatest economic years in the history of our country. It's already happening. How about the stock market? Who has 401(k)s in the audience? Well, I can tell you one thing, I'm getting all of your votes. I'm getting your votes. Your 401(k)s are setting records.
Where is he? Why -- they're going to talk to you about that later. Have to explain -- I think he's probably regretting that. No, he's doing an incredible job. An incredible job. You really are, Ben. Housing -- he's done a job like few people have done it. But wonderful to be here with the incredible men and women who are restoring prosperity -- that's what you're doing -- rebuilding hope and delivering opportunity to those who need it most.
If you're up by a lot, they announced it immediately. That was how it happened with Texas last time. They said Texas is too close to call, all for months and months and months. The only ones that didn't believe that were the people in Texas. So when it closed, they said the polls in Texas are closed, Donald Trump has won the state, like in the same breath.
But I just left the guy. He's hugging me, kissing me, telling him what an unbelievable deal. Nobody else could do it. And the next day, he's on there talking about stuff. And I really said, "I sort of don't want to meet these guys. I want to deal with the people in the union, not the heads of the union." Because the heads of the union are not honest people.
Sadly, the American dream is dead.
What our politicians have allowed to happen to this area, but to all areas of our country. NAFTA, TPP they want to approve. A disaster. Ohio has lost one in four manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported strongly by Hillary Clinton. Remember, every time you see a closed factory, a wiped out community in Ohio, it was essentially caused by the Clintons. It was NAFTA. It was caused by the Clintons. Why a deal like that was allowed.
Jason, thank you for being here. Appreciate it. They like you in Texas. They like all of you in Texas. State senator, Dawn Buckingham. Good luck. Good luck. You're going to have a good -- a good, solid victory. State representative, Steve Toth. Steve. He's a big guy for stopping the election fraud. Judge Mark Keough.
We will build a missile defense shield around our country, keep critical race theory and transgender insanity out of our schools, and we will keep men out of women's sports. We will defend the Second Amendment, restore free speech, and we will secure our elections, and we will secure our borders. Everyone will prosper.
This election is rigged." And what the fake news goes around saying is the reason we did so well in legislatures, the reason we did so well in Congress with not any loss, but 20 -- all of these gains, I guess, it was 16, all of these gains. And the Senate, we did very well, even though Mitch McConnell shouldn't have said, "We won't give $0.10 more than $600." And the other side saying, "We'll give you 2,000." Like it or not, that's not good politics, OK? And frankly, they were going to get it anyway.
All of the September 11th hijackers were issued visas.
Open borders, let everyone pour right in. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Let them all pour right in. Beshear wants to bring sanctuary cities to Kentucky. Think of that one, releasing violent criminals and aliens to terrorize innocent Kentucky families. He wants sanctuary cities, he hasn't learned what's happened.
It was new. It was shocking because nobody thought it would happen. I got that for you, and I got that for a lot of people that they consider that to be the greatest achievement. But I just say, speak about it properly. Speak about it right. It's an amazing thing that happened. And now you have tremendous powers of negotiation.
Oh, there it is. Hold that high. Hold that high. See that? That's one. That's one. It's amazing this political thing. I think I've been on Time once or twice in my life, and now I've been in like four times in the last three or four months. I mean, it's pretty cool. But it's only cool if we win. Because I got a call from one of the great writers, and he said, how does it feel?
What you've done is amazing." They're talking about all of us. And you know what? It is. But we'll keep both. We're going to probably be focusing a little bit more on "Keep America Great," but we're going to keep both. This week, we confirmed 13 more highly qualified, brilliant federal judges to interpret the law as written -- -- bringing the total to 187 federal judges right now.
They were wired that way. We're going to get them the hell out of our country. [Audience responds affirmatively] But for all of that to happen, you have to vote for Trump. You also need to vote for a great gentleman who is going to be of tremendous help to me. He's one of the most respected people in Washington, as you know, and he's running for a thing called the United States Senate.
Russia did it. It was Russia. They used it as an excuse by the Democrats for losing an election that they should have won because they have a big advantage in the Electoral College. Remember they used to say, there is no way for Donald Trump to get 270. And they were right. We got to 306. They were right.
I wish I had time to listen more often, it's a little tough as president, but everybody finds it fascinating and we gave Rush because he's such an important person and done such an incredible job. The Presidential Medal of Freedom in Congress, and Katherine, his wife is great. What a couple. What a great -- But Rush has been unbelievable.
Just a disaster what we've done. In NATO, I got them to pay hundreds of billions of dollars. They weren't paying their bills. I said, "You're delinquent." They said, "Well, if we delinquent, sir, will you defend us should Russia attack?" I said, "No, if you're delinquent, I'm not defending you." And the following day, the money poured in. It was a beautiful thing to see.
Seriously. Am I right? I mean, you know, how long can you talk? Mr. Attorney General, I have the most beautiful grandchildren you've ever seen. Let me show you a picture. Isn't that great. Let me show you another picture. What do you think? I think they're beautiful. Aren't they beautiful. And they're smart, and they're great.
Right now, I'm fighting to eradicate the virus, rebuild the economy, and save our country from the radical left and that's a big thing, saving it. Because these people -- this will end up being a large scale version of Venezuela if they get in. [Audience Boos] They don't have water, they don't have medicine, they don't have food, they don't have anything.
I would've said it differently. I would have said -- you know, my father used to say, son, you're too tough. Take the lumps out. Soft, nice and easy. My father was great. Good salesman. Good builder. He loved to build houses. He was good builder. I learned so much from him. And he was a great guy. Lovely guy.
More than 6 million Americans have already received a tax cut bonus or a pay raise, and that is just the beginning. I want to thank everyone who made this incredible victory possible, including so many friends that worked with Kevin and myself, people in Congress, great senators, great congresspeople. You are really incredible, so enjoy it because we're going to start, probably, on Monday, with Kevin and myself and everybody on doing it again.
He got $3.5 million from Moscow, and nobody knows why, and they can't justify it. What did you do for the $3.5 million? At least say you did something. There's nothing. They didn't do anything. You know what they did. It's called laundering. Just as I promised, I also fought for Iowa ethanol, issuing a historic rule declaring the E15 would be made available all year round, and they're also letting them use existing pumps.
We inspired the world. No matter where you went on this planet, everyone knew that when you said, "I'm a new Yorker," it meant you had smarts, you had grit, you had energy. And above all else, you had heart. You had heart, big, big, beautiful heart. Everybody wanted to be here. New York was where you came to make it big.
I would get five, 10, 15, 20, 25 million every time I made a phone call. But you know what? I could never basically deal with those companies properly again. So I don't do it. And we don't need the money. We got a lot of money for this stuff. We got another eight days to go. They had like $200 million. A lot of it's small money, you know, $61 average, small money.
Unemployment is now at the lowest rate in over 51 years, think of that, and we'll still be breaking that record. And African-American, Hispanic-American, and Asian-American unemployment have all reached the lowest rates ever recorded in the history of our country. That's pretty good. Wages are rising and they're growing fastest, which makes me very happy. Listen to this one, fastest, proportionately for blue-collar workers. It's great.
Congressman Billy Long. Great guy. Great friend of mine. And, of course, a man who, again, loves this state and loves the people and gets it done, never lets us down, Jason Smith. Jason? Thank you, Jason. Great group. Thank you also to former United States Attorney General John Ashcroft and his son, Secretary of State Jay Ashcroft, for being here.
Men playing in women's sports. No, think of it. Men -- allow millions of people through an open border, totally unvetted, totally unchecked. They come from parts unknown. They come from countries you've never even heard of. And then, you find out that they came from jails and mental institutions. No, no, they cheat like hell, and it's a damn disgrace.
That's who I want to be with. We have to, we have to do things where they don't feel so good about themselves anymore folks. All right? We don't feel, we have. You look at the, you look at what happens. You remember when I got in some trouble where I talked about waterboarding. They asked me a question. They started off, they asked Ted Cruz a question.
But the climate crisis hoax is even risking famine and starvation. As we speak, farmers in the Netherlands, of all places, are courageously opposing the climate tyranny of the Dutch government. Can you believe this? Which wants to dramatically cut Dutch farm production despite growing food shortages. They're saying you can't farm your land. "We're not going to give you fertilizer.
That's what our military wants. At long last, every parent in America must be empowered to opt out of the insanity of sending their child to -- and you have to do -- you have to be allowed to get your child to go to -- because it's insane what they're doing right now, to public/private charter, religious homeschools of their choice The word being, choice.
She carried out her dangerous email scheme at the same time as her bad judgement and enthusiasm for regime change was unleashing ISIS across the world.
He's never going to do this stuff. He can't do it. I don't need their money. I don't want their money. I never asked for their money. Who the hell knows? Maybe they gave me something along the line. Sir, you received $400 from Pfizer seven years ago, but you know what, I couldn't care less. I'm here to do a job that I'm going to leave and I'm going to hope -- that hopefully, you're going to say I was a great President, but that's going to be in four years.
I'm going to go over some of these statistics when Tim Kaine was governor. They're not pretty. They're not pretty. [Audience Boos] They're not pretty but before I do, I just want to say that, Debbie Wasserman Schultz. [Audience member shouts "Liar"] I always knew she was highly overrated. I always knew.
The Mar-a-Lago Club, you've heard of the Mar-a-Lago Club. He's a member. He comes up to me, a big doctor. He says, Donald, it's so brutal. Obamacare is such a disaster. I have now more accountants working for me than I have nurses. It's so complicated. It's dragged me. He hates, OK. But he said, do you know Donald that the -- and he's a smart cookie.
Our American ancestors braved the oceans, tamed the wilderness, won a revolution, and fought to victory in two world wars. We defeated fascism, triumphed over communism, and we delivered millions into freedom. Our ancestors built the railroads, linked the highways, and they proudly planted an American flag on the face of the moon, which is not shown in that movie.
Yeah. There, look at all those hands go up. Too many hands are going up. If any part of our country is going to be turned into a migrant camp, it should not be the communities of hardworking Americans. It should be the neighborhoods of the radical left politicians who have callously thrown open America's borders.
We need you to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and get out to vote early for Eddie. And if you don't vote early, I'll be back on Thursday to get you to vote on Saturday, OK? With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity.
So, it can go boom, boom, boom. There's only one problem. It takes two minutes to load the plane. And the steam builds up over the two minutes. And it's perfect, sir." And the steam's got more power. And the steam, I can fix it with a hammer and a blowtorch. And we have huge waves and bombs potentially coming in. You know, we're shot at and the waves are crashing, and every time a little water hits it, it goes out.
[Audience chants "USA"] This is a very rambunctious crowd. This is a rambunctious crowd. Well, hello, Tucson. It's great to be with you. I love this place. We've been very successful here, as you know, and I'm thrilled to be back in the great state of Arizona with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots.
We build a school. It gets blown up. We build it again and again and again. But if we want a school in Greensboro, if we want a school in Brooklyn, if we want a school in Los Angeles, we have no money. We're flat broke. No longer, folks, no longer. America first, America first. Remember that. It's America first.
We have to or we're not going to have a country left. Everyone is ripping us. Everyone is ripping us. [Applause]
And we're going to give a guarantee that the business will not be terminated by the ups and downs of the world of politics. So, should somebody come into this very important office and say, oh, well, you spent hundreds of millions of dollars and you guys have given up your life because you want to be in coal.
Politicians who spread this dangerous anti-police sentiment make life easier for criminals and more dangerous for law-abiding citizens. And they also make it more dangerous for police. And it must stop, and it must stop now.
Instead of his people that are really taking it. You know, they advertise and they get big chunks every time they put an ad on, they get big, big chunks. These guys make more ads better than being a real estate broker. But here's [Inaudible]. So Jeb has spent over a $100 million on a campaign and he's down here in the toilet, OK? He's down here.
You know better than us. And they ended up selling it for $0.05 on the dollar, very expensive stuff, just what the Border Patrol expects. They wanted steel. They wanted concrete. They wanted rebar. They wanted 7,000-pound concrete. They wanted hardened steel. It was very good stuff. And they wanted the panel on top.
I had one in Ohio for Bernie Moreno, who's doing pretty good up there. He's running for the Senate just like Eric is doing great here. He's running for the Senate. Eric Hovde. Doing good. Good man. He's a good man. Got to vote for him. But when you do it as much, it breaks. I had with -- I was in Ohio.
Thank you very much for what you have to put up with, Lisa, thank you very much. Just so you know, they spent like $50 million trying to destroy that man, $50 million like it was water and they didn't come close. This guy is tough and he's strong and he loves this state. This November you also have to defeat the far left Democrat candidate for governor little Josh Shapiro, who is so much like Fetterman other than he is about half his height, which is fine, just fine.
As part of our largest-ever tax cut in the history of the United States, we put in a provision to kill this worst provision of Obamacare: the individual mandate. It was a disaster, and it was really the essence of Obamacare. It made you pay a tremendous amount of money in order to not have to pay for health insurance. Think of that: You had to pay a fortune in order not to have health insurance. It was really terrible and so unfair to so many. Destroyed families.
You're right. [applause]
Viciously murdered. These monsters should never have been in our country. And if I were president, they would not have been in our country. We had a strong border. We had strong protection, and we had very strong protection. You know, in Venezuela -- we just mentioned these monsters from Venezuela. In Venezuela, their crime is down 72%. Can you believe it? So, I'm going to talk to Ralph Reed.
Great coach. We invested 2.5 trillion dollars in the U.S. military, including 1.5 billion dollars in Tyndall Air force Base. Right after Hurricane Michael. That was a big deal. That was a deal where your governor came. And your governor wanted me pleased 'cause you know what I was gonna do? I had a great idea. 'Cause it's a very big -- And it's right on the water.
We give Iran $150 billion. We have prisoners in there for years. We should have never even started that negotiation until those prisoners were released. That I could tell you. So rather than doing the politically correct answer where I said, well, no, we're not angry, everything's just, you know, peaches.
How about many women, many men, but many women would walk in the -- "I'm here to vote. I'm so proud." They're so proud. They don't want to vote by fake ballot, they want to go in and vote. "Yes, ma'am, it's nice to have you. I'm sorry, but you've already voted." "No, I haven't. No, no, I want to vote today.
I'm angry about a lot of things and I won't be angry for long because once we straighten it out I'm a very happy person, OK?
So think of that. You have a guy that can't stand trial. He's not allowed to s- -- by the U.S. Attorney, the man doing it, Hur, Mr. Hur. Now, I've never heard of this before because he wasn't incompetent. He was never smart. But he wasn't incompetent 10, 15, 20 -- This is 50 years worth of documents. So he got off.
We're not letting anyone get close. You see these people on the other side? These people are crazy, by the way. They're totally crazy. [Laughter] But they want to take it away and give you lousy healthcare. It's pretty incredible. You want to keep your doctors, right? Remember, with Obama -- President Obama, right?
So we have $3.2 billion. We're looking for $5 billion this year, and all of a sudden it's going to be finished and it's going to be very, very effective. You heard about it today with the illegal alien coming in very sadly from Mexico. And you saw what happened to that incredible, beautiful young woman.
Uh, Japan's gonna be investing $550 billion into the United States, and it's, it's an amazing thing. And they're happy and they're, they're gonna, they're gonna love it. It's gonna be really good. It's gonna be a great, great for everybody. But building up an allied industrial base, and you know, one of the things that makes me so happy is they'll be, uh, taking some of our product.
As you can see today, we're expanding the electoral map because we are going to officially play in the state of New Jersey. We're going to win the state of New Jersey. Got a great group of people with us, an incredible group of people. We're also looking really great in the state of Minnesota, which hasn't been won since 1952. And we're leading in the polls in the state of Virginia and actually many other states.
We're going to take back the Senate, and we're going to take back America. In 2024, most importantly, we are going to take back our beautiful, beautiful, beautiful White House. I like those people behind. I don't know who the hell they are. I always say, those people may have lousy seats and you may have great seats, but they're going to be much more famous than you are tomorrow.
The press hardly reports it. They hardly report it. She did a big number on Catholics, horrible number in Catholics. She did a horrible number on evangelicals through her people. And they hardly report it. While she was secretary of state, she lost or disappeared almost $6 billion. Does anyone know that?
And then I had to get him through a general election. He was dying on the general election. We had to do it all over again. We held two or three rallies for him. The rallies had massive crowds, biggest crowds people have seen in years. Nobody's ever seen rallies like this. You know, today's not a rally. This is our little friends.
What I really want to discuss is a day that I spent at Lehigh, many years ago. It was probably 1962 or so, in fact my brother was here, and I was on the wrestling team of my school and I mentioned this at the table today. I wrestled. I wrestle for two days and I was in a major tournament and it was a disaster.
So, we better get smart and tough and start using a little common sense, right? Not conservative, common sense. Somebody said, "Are you a conservative?" I said, "Well, I am, but I'm a person with a lot of common sense. That's why we had such a successful country two years ago, energy independent, no inflation, little things like that." Since the end of the Trump administration, the drug cartels have seen their revenue skyrocket by an astounding 2,500%. If they were a Wall Street company, their stock would be through the roof.
It'll be free. I ran twice, I won twice. I did much better the second time than I did the first. It's true. Getting millions and millions and millions more votes the second time than I did in 2016, and likewise getting more votes than any president in the history sitting president and the history of our country by far.
I think we're going to do fantastically. I think the midterms are going to be a big surprise and it just seems, I don't know what it is. You go back to the last, I think eight elections in a row. The midterms haven't been great for the person that wins the presidency and I think so far, we're very popular.
Go ahead. Why don't you sit down? That way the people in the back can see -- I'm trying to be nice. Thank you. We got to be. It's a great honor. Usually what happens is they sit down and then about a minute later, they stand up again anyway. And it's OK. I consider it an honor, I appreciate it. Violent criminals are running wild in our Democrat-run cities, while law enforcement has been weaponized against Christians and conservatives and people of faith like never before.
I don't think so, right? So you have equal time. So basically, you're precluded. Essentially, you're precluded from it. So what happened is I said, no, no, no. Well, we're going to take a chance because we're -- so they announce it. They sell all the advertising. It's one of the easiest shows on television.
But I don't want to talk about that. But they're all taken care of, right? And they don't do anything to keep these people because they're told you can't. Pfizer has some of the greatest lobbyists in the world so they get left alone. But let me tell you when they send their products in, if they had to pay a fee, a tax, you know, China would call it a tax.
I won't even tell you what the tax is. It's so astronomical that I don't even believe it myself. So I'm not going to say it because those guys will say, well, he was wrong. All I can tell you is, all I can tell you is, it's a massive tax like you don't buy planes here. Because if you do you won't be able to get them back in. And here we accept all of their products.
And they don't need to make those big, big beautiful, you could call them locomotives I guess, right? Whatever the hell they are, they're big and they're powerful and they don't need them like they used to because we don't make our government work for us. They're not working for us. They're working for others, they're not working for us. So when General Electric goes out and you see the numbers, I see the numbers, and it's about coal, so I just left parts of Virginia and West Virginia, and the coal industry's decimated.
We have gasoline. We have oil and gas. We have gasoline. China doesn't have gasoline. And the electric cars are all going to be made in China. That's the way it is. That's the way it is. So, we're going to change it around. We're going to have hybrids. We're going to have gasoline-powered cars. We're going to have electric cars.
They spend tremendous money, but it's incompetent people running it. And the new group doesn't know what they're doing. They threw more money. They just keep throwing money. They think throwing money helps, you know? It's like the people that are fighting me for the, for the position of running against the Democrats, who we're gonna win because nobody is gonna want another four years of this Obama stuff.
Canada. I hate to say it. We love Canada -- I love Canada, but they are tariffs on dairy products. These tariffs are almost 300 percent. And if I say good, we're going to put a 25 percent tariff on Canada, I'll be inundated by politicians saying we want free trade. What's free when they charge us 300 percent? I don't understand. Where are these people coming from? But we're all learning.
She hurried home from work that night, and soon as she arrived, she found the pretty snake she'd taken in had been revived. 'Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in, for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,' sighed that vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. 'You're so beautiful!' she cried. 'But if I hadn't brought you in by now, you truly would have died.' She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed and held him tight, but instead of saying, 'Thank you, ma'am,' this snake gave her a vicious bite! 'Take me in, oh, tender woman.
Got to get out and vote. We are nine votes away from passing the 20-week abortion bill in the Senate, so we have to get them out there. The Democratic senators are up for reelection in 10 states that I won by a lot. And I think we're doing very well. We have some of those folks that are running right now, and they're doing very, very well. Going to have a big, big surprise in six months. Big, beautiful surprise.
And I could've been all over the world sampling my assets. And instead, I'm in New Hampshire with you and I'm very happy about that. I'm very happy. But they asked me, a lot of times I get asked this question, "Sir, you had the greatest life anybody could have, would you do it again?" I said, "Absolutely.
But it's better that way, isn't it? Isn't it nice when you have a president who doesn't have to read a script? So if you want to save America from crooked Joe and the radical-left, then get out and be patriots. And you're all patriots. Make sure that they're registered Republicans. Get out. You have to register.
I just saw some very nice numbers. And Deb, you don't have to worry about numbers, right? You don't have to worry about numbers. I'm with you all the time. Thank you both. And, uh, yeah. It looks very good in Iowa. Thank you very much. Good. And representatives Jeff Fortenberry, a warrior. Where's Jeff? Thank you Jeff.
Don't renegotiate the deal. It's great though, what we did is great. Isn't it nice, where they want to renegotiate a deal for a change? Because these countries always rip us off. I used to look at some of the deals that were made. They were so bad. I said, "Do these people like our country that are making these horrible deals?" I stood up to China like no administration has ever done before, and I made people aware that China was ripping us off.
We had the problem with COVID, but we had a great thing going. We had strong borders, nobody coming into it, very few people. Drugs were down to an all-time low. People coming in were down to an all-time low and only getting better. If they left it alone, it would have been a beautiful thing, but they didn't do that.
They're great justices. And standing before you at the NRA Leadership Forum in 2019, I revoked America's signature from the globalist United Nations Arms Trade Treaty, where basically they take your guns. Sir, they said, you can't do that, sir. All countries are signing that. Well, number one, all countries didn't sign and most of the countries that signed didn't adhere to it anyway, but we would have.
And I would have done it again. But here's the thing. So we had like 11 or 12 debates and I've been center stage on every single debate. That meant I'd been in the lead. And you know, it's funny during the debates or before they announce it. I said, are you gonna say that I'm center stage here, therefore, I'm number one?
That really helps us a lot. Fire everybody and let's build the product, and let's send it in without tax back into the United States. That model doesn't work for me. It never worked and it shouldn't have worked for any of our other past presidents, believe me. [Applause]
And Biden's policies would also decimate our seniors. Biden is pledging mass amnesty and free federal healthcare. Remember he did that at a stage? Do you remember? Look, she's shaking her head, she remembers. Remember when he put up his hand? You know after 47 years, he knew was not the right thing to do, but everybody else was raising.
They don't rip them down. But Robert E. Lee won many, many battles in a row and it was supposed to be over in one day. You know it was supposed to end immediately because the North was too powerful for the South. But it just shows when you have leaders, when you have a great General and Robert E. Lee, he would've won except for Gettysburg and that was because his General was killed who's going to leave Gettysburg.
You saw what just happened, yeah? Sudan yesterday, Sudan, UAE, United Arab Emirates, right? Baran, and we have them stacked up, stacked up, they wanna come in. And we did it the exact reverse as I've been trying to do for 40 years. I said, that one doesn't work, and, uh, it's all working out very well, and there's no blood in the sand and they wanna come in.
But you know, South Carolina has been very big with that. But we're not going to let them destroy our -- our country, our states that do the auto things. You do a little bit of it and sometimes a lot depending on your mood. You have a lot of things in the state. You cover a lot of territory. Peter, they cover a lot of territory in this state.
Nobody in this group, hopefully, ever has to use it, but you now have the right to go and get drugs that are in the pipeline if you're terminally ill or very sick, and you can get drugs that you weren't allowed. You know why you weren't allowed? Because they didn't want to hurt you. I said, "The person's very sick.
We were able to get them to use drugs. What we did for Israel was incredible. Jerusalem and Golan Heights building the embassy. Don't forget, I saved 2 billion when I built the embassy. You remember that story? Sir, would you please sign this? What is it? After we got everything approved, this is $2 billion.
But what you're going to see is you're going to see activity that empty, dead sites, factories that are falling down, those factories will be knocked down and they're going to have brand new factories built in their place. And not only talking about renovating, they're talking about brand new, the best anywhere in the world, the biggest anywhere in the world.
And, you know, she's now running against a great gentleman. So, Jason -- get out there and vote for him. Get out and vote for Jason. [Applause] You know that. He's going to win. Do you see? The polls are about even, and that's a big step. He's a great candidate. He's going to do a fantastic job. Get out, and make sure he wins.
You know she wants to raise your taxes very, very substantially. We're going to eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation, killing our companies. Cancel every illegal Obama executive order. Protect religious liberty. Wow, that's very impressive. That's impressive. Religious liberty got bigger hands, bigger plus than a tax cut.
For 22 years, they were training to take out the nuclear potential of Iran. He said, "But it was only when you came along that we did it." And they were so happy that they did it. But they've been training for that hit for 22 years. But no president wanted to do it. They would've had a nuclear weapon within a month, probably within a month or shortly thereafter.
I was really good at this stuff but I mean, it's also common sense. It makes it really tough for us to compete for product, and for jobs, and for all the other things that they're taken out of our system. And nobody would have thought they would've had the courage, a few weeks ago, to devalue their currency again.
Think of this, they want to raise your taxes to a level that you haven't seen before. And they're running on this platform, OK? In all of my years, I've never seen anybody running for office where they -- "We will raise your taxes." They say they're going to raise your taxes. You're going to lose all your companies because they go to other places.
You know, they don't like to say it, but we've passed over 50 pieces of legislation. That means going through Congress, that means getting approved by the House and the Senate and signing. That's not including all of the executive orders I've signed. That's not including the fact that we have reduced unnecessary regulations to a point that this country hasn't seen in years.
That was his wish. Weeks later, he broke into an innocent woman's home, sexually assaulted her, murdered her, killed her two dogs, and set her house on fire. This past February in New York, another horrible person with at least six prior arrests, was released without bail before going on a stalking tour after a 35-year-old woman went into her apartment, stabbing her to death and leaving her body in the bathtub.
And by the way, the single worst trade deal ever made in history, anywhere. Listen to this. Hard to believe. I've told you before, I thought this was a typographical error. We've lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization, WTO. Another Bill and Hillary backed disaster but they've been nicely paid.
Our movement is up against some of the most sinister forces and entrenched interests that anyone can imagine. But no matter how big or how powerful they may seem, you must never forget this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you. [Audience responses "Yes"]
We are a nation whose economy is collapsing into a cesspool of ruin, whose supply chain is broken, whose stores are not stocked, whose deliveries are not coming, and whose educational system is ranked at the bottom of every single list. We are a nation that just sold a once great company, United States Steel, to Japan.
And we left a lot of people behind. And, you know, very importantly, we gave up a big Air Force base that cost us billions of dollars named Bagram, billions of dollars, one hour away -- forget Afghanistan, one hour away from where China builds its nuclear weapons. And we gave that up. These stupid people gave that up.
You know, you got a little dose of bad management. You got a little dose of incompetent people. You know where she is tonight? She's out partying. So, Israel is attacking. We got a war going on, and she's out partying. At least we're working to make America great again. That's what we're doing. [Applause] Kamala, Kamala, she's the worst president in the history of our country.
It happened to be me. And we're putting America, and I love the sound of that drum. That sounds -- that's why I'm here, these people. That's why I'm here. That's why I'm here, for these people, right? You didn't think I'd come, did you, huh? They didn't think because they haven't been treated well for a long time, right?
Don't give me any of that U.S.A. Go out and vote. That's all I ask. Don't say, "U.S.A. U.S.A. We love Trump. U.S.A." And then November 5th comes along or any of the previous days, you know, the early voting, but -- and then you say, "Darling, I just don't -- I'm just a little tired. I think I'll skip the vote." You can't do that.
And after the debate, we were winning by many points, as you know, against Biden. They went in to see him. They said, "You're losing. You're not going to win. You can't win. We're going to get you out." It was a coup of an American president, and it was done with anger, and he's more angry than anybody. And again, I'm no fan of his.
Finally, I want to recognize everyone in the audience who has their own painful but important story to tell about the true and brutal nature of the Castro regime. Brutal. We thank the dissidents, the exiles, and the children of Operation Peter Pan -- you know what that means -- [Applause] -- and all who gather in the cafes, churches, and the streets in this incredible area and city to speak the truth and to stand for justice. [Applause]
Did you know that? He's cut your Medicare Advantage, which is a total betrayal of seniors. And just check you'll see it, he has cut you down for two years straight. And we're not going to do that, we don't need that. Remember this. We have more liquid oil. I call it liquid gold. We have liquid gold under our feet, more than Saudi Arabia, more than Russia.
Nobody wanted to join. It was six months ago. And then we had the election of November 5th, and now we have the strongest recruiting numbers in the history of our country. Can you imagine that? Can you imagine that? We've already surpassed our recruiting targets for 2025 and we're not done yet and I'll tell you, doesn't it make you feel good when you had to hear six or seven months ago that nobody wants to join the Army.
You're going to look back at this election and say this is by far the most important vote I've ever cast for anyone at any time because we started winning again and we started winning with heart. And remember the words religious liberty, that's a very big part of winning. That's a very, very impart of winning.
On the illegal migrants coming in, almost $1 billion. And there was no money. And so, now, they're going to have to have a special session in Congress to try and get money. And it's -- it's too bad. It's too bad. But you know who did help us, though? Elon Musk. He helped us because they needed Starlink.
But that will all change under our pro-family, pro-child, pro-worker plans I am outlining tonight. Before going any further, I want everyone watching on TV right now to go to DonaldJTrump.com to read the full plan.
I don't have a guitar or an organ. No organ. Elton has an organ and lots of other people help him. You know we've broken a lot of records. We've broken virtually every record because you know, look, I only need this space. They need much more room for basketball, for hockey, for all the sports. They need a lot of room.
How many have watched the debate last night? [Applause]
We're trying to do the same thing." I said, "You won't be able to do it." They won't be able to. Let him give it a shot, but they all say, "Congratulations on the great job you've done with the economy." but we've all done the great job. Not me, we've all done. I've been your spokesman and I've done a good job as spokesman, but they all say that, but we've done a good job in many ways.
But can you imagine that Bernie Sanders keeps supporting her? I think eventually he's going to say I can't do it. I mean, honestly, if somebody got the debate questions on me and I found out about it, and they only found out about it through this whole deal with WikiLeaks, but if somebody found out that for me, I would never want to be speaking with that person again. I would imagine it's only a question of time, hopefully before the election, that Bernie Sanders says that's one of the most dishonest acts because Hillary never reported it as a breach.
It could happen the other way, too. I mean, it could happen the other way, too. I don't think it will happen the other way. I don't think it will.
And we better get rid of the debt and we better straighten ourselves out because we have debt on debt on debt. And one of the things -- we're going to talk about a few of those things because it affects you very much and I know you have a lot of small business owners here. Probably a couple of big business owners here but we have to get rid of it. We're going to start with Obamacare too.
Any country that shares our goal of defeating this enemy will be our partner in this mission.
Omar left that Americans speak of al-Qaida, do you remember that tape? Speak of al-Qaida but when we say, well, we say something about the United States, you just don't say America with any intensity. Remember that? Representative Omar has a history of launching virulent, anti-semitic screeds, whether you like it or not.
We fired the woke boards of visitors at our military academies. We have great people running our military academies now. And I've directed the reinstatement of patriots expelled from our military by the Biden vaccine mandate with full back pay. After years of missed targets, our military suddenly has the best recruiting numbers in 30 years.
drugs that poor across the border we're not including that that's a separate
This region used to be the furniture manufacturing hub of the world. I know because I bought plenty. But the NAFTA deal and then China's entry into the World Trade Organization, another Bill and Hillary backed disaster, have sent those jobs to other countries. You know better than anybody.
We are a nation that just sold a once great company, United States Steel, to Japan. We are a nation whose stock markets continued success is contingent on MAGA winning the next election. If we don't win the next election, the stock market will crash just like it did in 1929. We are a nation where large packs of sadistic criminals and thieves are allowed to go openly into stores, beat them, kill their workers, destroy their customers, leave with armloads of goods, but with no retribution whatsoever, where the authority of our great police has been taken, where their families and pensions have been threatened and their lives would be destroyed for the mere mentions of the words, law enforcement.
I said, what's going on over here? Right. Good. Thank you very much. So under my leadership,  our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded, thirty three point one percent fastest ever recorded. We created a record eleven point four million jobs in the last five months. That's a record. And while foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating an economic powerhouse unrivaled anywhere in the world.
An incredible, incredible place. While the technology did not yet exist to complete their design, city fathers forged ahead anyway, certain that they would figure it out someday. These citizens of Florence did not accept limits to their high aspirations and so the Great Dome was finally built. In France, another century-long project continues to hold such a grip on our hearts and our souls that, even 800 years after its construction, when the Cathedral of Notre Dame was engulfed in flames last year -- such a sad sight to watch; unbelievable site, especially for those of us that considered it one of the great, great monuments and representing so many different things -- the whole world grieved.
And we met that threat by announcing that we will no longer be drilling for oil in large areas of Alaska or elsewhere on our beautiful land. We are a nation that is consumed by the radical left's Green New Deal. Yet everyone knows that the Green New scam is fake and will only lead to our destruction. We are a nation whose leaders are demanding all electric cars, despite the fact that they don't go far, cost too much, and whose batteries are produced in China with materials only available in China when an unlimited amount of gasoline is available inexpensively in the United States, but not available in China.
I'm actually writing a book about it called The Crime of the Century. I don't think you'll enjoy it. You'll be very depressed when you read it, but we want to have it down for historic reasons. But first, we have to, and we have to do this, if we create a landslide, that's the one thing they can't beat. It's very hard to beat it. We have to win in a landslide because otherwise, they're going to rig it or steal it like they've been doing for a long time.
In fact, as secretary of state, she allowed, Hillary, thousands of criminal aliens to be freed into our country because their own countries wouldn't take them back. It was her job to cancel visas to countries that refused to take back criminals, criminals coming out of these countries. So we grabbed the criminal, bring them back to that country and they tell the United States we're not taking them back. They didn't want them. What do they want these horror shows for, right? Guess what, folks? With us, when we send them back they're taking them back, not even a doubt. [Applause]
Congresswoman. She walks into a room and those Congressmen they shake and a quick, right? Another friend of mine who -- we were involved with right at the beginning. He showed incredible courage and stamina. The race was a tough race. He's got another one coming up now and I hope everybody is going to be with him.
And think of what you're doing. Let's say you don't do it. Somebody says, well, we have to obey the Constitution. And you are because you're protecting our country and you're protecting the Constitution. So you are. But think of what happens. Let's say they're stiffs and they're stupid people, and they say, well, we really have no choice.
India makes its participation contingent on receiving billions and billions and billions of dollars in foreign aid from developed countries. There are many other examples. But the bottom line is that the Paris Accord is very unfair at the highest level to the United States.
I assume the call was taped, and I guess there were six, seven, or eight lawyers on the call. There was no protest. There was no one saying, "How dare you say such a thing." You know why? Because it was a perfect call. It was only long after that that the subject was broached. Months, months later they said, "Oh, he made a call." Very fortunately it was on tape.
And all you have to do is look at New York State, where she ran for senator. She said she will bring jobs back to New York State. It's a disaster. No jobs have come back. Jobs have left New York State, upstate New York and the areas that she was talking about. They are disasters. All you have to do is look at New York State. She said she was going to bring tremendous jobs back. It would be wonderful -- just like she's saying now.
You know why? No. So we have 325 million people. China has 1.5 billion people, right? We paid $500 million a year. They paid $39 million a year. In addition to that, they had guys -- And for this I give them credit, but they had guys that practically ran the place, right? So they're paying $39, and we're paying $500, and we have a smaller population.
And I -- I say this because you can't let this happen tomorrow, and I hope all the politicians are listening. There's an unexplained 400,000 vote discrepancy between the number of mail-in ballots in Pennsylvania sent out reported on November 2nd, 2020 and the number reported on November 4th. They can't explain it. 400,000 previously unreported mail-in ballots magically appeared.
Aren't you tired of the same old lies and the same old broken promises? And Hillary Clinton has proven to be one of the greatest liars of all time. [Applause]
So they show me dishonest is that. So they show me dishonest is that, so they show me playing golf at Turnberry and I didn't playing golf at Turnberry and I didn't playing golf at Turnberry and I didn't play golf, it was two years. The picture play golf, it was two years. The picture play golf, it was two years, the picture was two years old or more.
They want to shut down your religion, and they've done a pretty good job of it, to be honest with you. Thank you, Doctor. Good doctors in these crowds. We have a lot of doctors in these crowds. There's always plenty of doctors. They're good ones, too. You know, in Butler, two of the doctors, they saved two people's lives that they thought were gone.
He's a Republican." I said, "I don't care if he's a Republican." And we hit him hard, and now he's like a wounded, falling bird from the sky. But I don't like that, you know, and we talk about loyalty because I think it's the same thing. I said to the people, "It's so disloyal. I don't think voters are going to like that." And my people said, "They don't care, sir.
There's never been a movement like this. And I'll tell you, maybe, I'm wrong, but this is bigger than it was in 2016 because because in 2016, I said what we're going to do. But now, I've completed more promises than I've made. I mean, I've actually completed more than I've made, right? [Audience chants "Four more years"] Like, as an example, many of you are here -- look at all those beautiful red hats, keep America great, that's good.
I'm honored to have the endorsement of more than 200 top admirals and generals and more than 22 Medal of Honor recipients, they were with me last night. We were in Fort Bragg. That was an amazing evening. We had 21,000 people last night, the most incredible, brave people you've ever seen. [Applause]
Would you rather go teleprompter or freelance? [Audience responds "Freelance"] Isn't it nice when you have the option because you have this and you have the option to go on? Isn't it nice? See, Joe doesn't have the option. He doesn't have the option. But if Biden wins, China wins and it's very simple. It's very simple.
Well, I want to thank you very much, Lee. You've been there from the beginning with us, Lee, and we appreciate it. Nobody can sing that song like Lee Greenwood. Thank you very much, Lee, very much for being here. And his voice has not changed. You know? It's pretty amazing. And a special thank you to Erika.
What do you think? We love you, Brett. Thank you. We love this guy. Man, he's something. Oh, that arm. What a player. What a great guy. I think he's beyond -- as a person, I think he might have been beyond what he was as a player, but that's pretty hard to do. Thank you very much, Brett. Great honor to your family.
Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh tender woman," sighed the vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. "You're so beautiful," she cried, "but if I hadn't brought you in by now, you truly would have died." She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed and held him tight. But instead of saying, "Thank you, ma'am," the snake gave her a vicious bite. "Take me in, oh tender woman.
That's sort of the ultimate. I think they say -- you know who the smartest person they say in history was? Albert Einstein. [Audience member calls out "Trump"] He said Trump. I agree with him. He said Trump. [Applause] My uncle, Dr. John Trump, MIT, 40 years, that's pretty smart. He was smart. My uncle was very smart.
Now, it happens. Yesterday, right? Bill Clinton yesterday, they're so angry at him. They scolded him yesterday, he was scolded. Did everybody hear what happened yesterday?
Two people sharing a name is not good. But he's Crooked Joe Biden. We're going to finish what we started, and we will make America great again, greater than ever before. We're going to do that. [Audience cheers]
The hydrogen car, they keep talking about hydrogen. The problem is when it has a problem, it blows up violently. So, the beautiful woman sitting in the fourth row, you'd never recognize her again. And somehow, I don't want to be able to -- I'm not going to buy one of those suckers. I don't care how good they -- if they say they're really working quite well now, that's not going to be good enough.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you to Matt. What a job he and Mercedes have done. CPAC is a hot item. You got a lot of people standing outside trying to get in. Would anybody like to give up their slot? Would anybody? So I want to just pay my respects. CPAC is really what a job they've done and I'm thrilled to be back in the heart of Texas with the proud conservative patriots who are courageously leading the battle to, frankly, save our country.
I mean, we're protecting countries that have -- I got to say, they do have respect for us now, but they didn't have any respect for us, and they got to pay. They got to pay, you know, when they're wealthy.
But we have a chance to do something that's going to be very important and it starts right here, it starts right here. And you know, last night, I don't know I guess the final results aren't quite in, we had an interesting time because we lifted seven points up that's a lot. And I was up 22 points, and we lifted seven and seven normally would be enough, but we'll see. We'll see how it all comes out. It's like virtually a tie.
I figure it's camouflage, right? They're giving false -- turns out to be true. Or Obama two months ago, right? We sent 50 people over. He thinks it's good. See, I think it's bad to say 50 people because 50 people. What the hell are we doing? But we're sending 50 people. So he announces we're sending 50 people.
And we created the safest border in history. Got rid of catch and release. We got rid of -- we did a great job. We had a policy called, Remain in Mexico. How do you think that was? When I told the president, "President, we're going to have a new policy." What's that? Remain in Mexico. All these millions of people, we're going to want them to remain in Tijuana.
Then my people go, there he is. There he is. They they make a -- don't worry about it. Let him be -- you can't even hear the guy. Oh, but the police are there already. Look at that guy, policeman raise your hand, I love you. Look at these guys. Look at these guys. There's like a rock concert, right? A rock concert.
I mean, it's going to be something very special, I think, for you. It's going to be a big difference. And with us today is Jessica Anguiano, an employee here at Circa. This is a nice place, by the way. And I just met your owner. He's a nice man. He's rich, too, very rich. But Circa's very nice. And a hardworking single mother of two with incredible children, Jessica's struggling to pay for medical bills to remove a tumor behind her right eye.
If I don't win, it doesn't matter. And when I say I don't win, I mean, at the top because otherwise all of these things, whether it's the strength of the border, whether it's any of the other things. The deals, the horrible deals that we made, the trade deals that we have, putting the right people in place, I mean, China is making 500 -- you look at -- we have a trade deficit this year with China.
So, he may change his little direction on the election. I don't even know if he has. Nobody cares. I don't think anyone really cares. But in the end, he's going to be against ethanol, and he's going to be against Social Security, and he's going to be against Medicare, if you can believe it. I kept my promise to fight for Iowa ethanol and issued a rule declaring that E15 would be made available all year round.
But he's big. He's big time is the point. This is big stuff. The biggest in the world at what he does. Tim is a tremendously successful builder and runs the largest construction company in your state. He employs more than 8,000 people here. He's a former Army Ranger, most importantly a proud America First patriot who is with us right from the beginning.
I don't like to say it, but I've been saying the D word, the depression. Then they did something even worse than that. A few months ago, they fraudulently claimed that they had 818,000 jobs created -- that they created, 818,000. That was good, but that just brought us up to normalcy, so it wasn't a big story.
Right. And as promised, remember? I announced that I would withdraw America - the United States - from the horrible, for us - good for other countries - it's great for other countries - from the horrible Paris Climate Accord. [Applause] Cost us a fortune.
And we had a lot of votes that normally wouldn't have gone that way. And they really -- they were pushing me, some of them, at the end. And we have some of the folks here: Tim Scott and Lindsey. They're here. But I'm going to introduce them in a little while. But we had tremendous help. This was a bipartisan bill.
So I imitated him a couple of times getting off the stage, 'cause he's unable to find a stair. Look, stair, stair, stair, stair, stair. All over, you have stairs. When he finished his, his one-and-a-half minute speech -- You know, his speeches last for about a minute. Never takes questions. When he does, he picks up a thing and he goes, "Uh, let's see here.
How about that? Is that nice? My daughter is greater, he said. And he's not a man without an ego, I will tell you. Right, Sarah? But he said, my daughter is greater. That's beautiful. That's a beautiful thing that he said. He's an incredible guy. And Doug Burgum, who has become one of the real stars of the party.
The reason -- and I mean it. I was starting to say before, this is a massive movement. This is not -- they say, these people, most dishonest people, look at all those people back there. Look at all those cameras there. Look at all those cameras. And unless we have a protestor, the cameras are never gonna show the crowd.
It's where the army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge, where General George Washington led his men on a daring mission across the Delaware and where our union was saved by immortal heroes at Gettysburg. And this is the state where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania miners, factory workers and steel workers forged the greatest nation in the history of the world.
The RNC chairman, Michael Whatley, who was so fantastic and what he did with Lara. The two of them were so great. There's Michael. Come on up, Michael. Come here. This guy did some job.
Every time the radical left Democrats, Marxists, communists, and fascists indict me, I consider it a great badge of honor. I'm being indicted -- you have to remember this, and I believe it's true. I'm being indicted for you. Never forget, our enemies want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom.
It's going to be great. And I love doing it because there's such spirit, the people -- the people of this country are so incredible. Look at that. Look at that. Beautiful, beautiful baby. Beautiful baby. Good job. Good job, daddy. Wow. That's an elephant costume. That's so cute. Thank you. That's very nice.
Democrats would destroy Medicare with Medicare for all -- you heard that -- Medicare for all, until they run out of money, which would be like in the third day. [Laughter]
We have to do it. Have to do it. There are ways to do it. We will stop the Biden crime wave in Democrat-run cities. We will give our police officers our 100% support and respect. We will give them back their power to do the job like only they are capable of doing. And we will restore law and order in America and, in particular, in our out-of-control Democrat-run cities and states.
I don't care, but you have to get out and vote. Everybody has to get out and vote from Akron to Columbus from Dayton to Cleveland, from Cincinnati to right. Here in Circleville, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, their sweat, their soul, to secure our liberty and to defend our freedom.
When I return to the White House, I will stop the wild and wasteful spending of this administration. I will end the endless wars. They never stop. Again, we had no wars. We had no new wars under your favorite president, President Trump. We had no new -- we had no new wars. They thought I was going to start a war.
I think they actually bought it at Los Angeles, which is such a -- but they love the job she's doing. And yesterday they had a problem, right? You saw that. Fire on the plane. And I get a call. Sir, your wife is up in the air. There's a fire on the plane. I said, don't tell me that. Don't tell me. And they came down quickly.
You know the real ones, the ones that I used to defeat ISIS, we defeated ISIS, They were the real generals. They were the real generals. They weren't the television generals, they weren't the dumb ones. They were the ones that were warriors. But we'll quickly become energy independent. And we will frac, frac, frac, and we will drill, baby, drill.
In other words, our country was blackmailed and extorted into paying this unheard of amount of money as ransom and our president lied to us. Worst of all, the nuclear deal puts Iran, the number one state sponsor of radical Islamic terrorism, on a path to nuclear weapons. And at best, will go very quickly. This is Hillary Clinton's foreign policy legacy -- failure and death.
It's enough. For 47 years, sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic Americans. [Audience boos] I'm not going to let you meet him, champ. You may get angry. [Audience member calls out "Knock him out"] Gotta be -- He'll be one tenth of one second. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic law enforcement heroes at the border.
We're plus two now, you know? We -- but we should be a lot more than that. I'm not happy with plus two. I don't like plus two. It's an honor. You do a great job. Dig we must. Dig we must. And we brought it back. We're selling now coal to Vietnam and many, many places from -- Are you coal miners from Pennsylvania?
Wisconsin is going to be just fine." "The winner of Wisconsin is Donald Trump." "There's a lot of signs," he said. "In Michigan, there's a lot of signs on the lawns. I was there. There's signs all over the place. You got to go back to Michigan more often." "No, no, no. You don't understand. Michigan hasn't been won for decades by a Republican.
The St. Cloud, Minn. VA built a $2.3 million wind turbine in April 2011 that hasn't supplied power since 2012.
Then you had the recent case of 800 people, tough ones, who were going to be deported. You saw that three weeks ago, right? They were going to be deported. Now, you know if they're going to be deported from our country they've got to be trouble. What happened is there was a mistake made and instead of deporting them, congratulations everybody, they became United States citizens. [Jeering]
As we restore the border, I will also use Title 42 to end the child trafficking crisis by returning all trafficked children to their families in their homes and the countries from which they come. On day one, I will repeal Joe Biden's insane electric vehicle mandate. Now think of it. Think of it. Number one, I told you before, they're made all in China.
And we're going to take better care of illegal immigrants than we take care of our citizens." They tell you that. [Audience Boos]
But we'll -- you know, it wouldn't be bad to get along with Russia, right? It wouldn't be bad. It wouldn't be bad to get along with some of these countries that we're not -- on our terms. Only on our terms but it wouldn't be bad. But you know, I watch what's going on. I look at that Iran deal, which to me is one of the most disgraceful things I've ever seen signed.
We want to support you, sir. We think you're doing a great job. And that's only because he crashed. I mean, he's crashing like a dog. I've never seen anything like it, actually. But you need a personality to win. You got to remember. You got to remember. He came to me and he asked me for help. He was losing.
They paid $150 billion for nothing. They got nothing. The -- you know, I don't mind the $150 billion, what I mind they gave $1.8 billion in cash. What is $1.8 billion? That would fill up this whole area, right? $1.8 billion, planeloads of cash. That's when I realized that a President is very powerful. When you can do that, send that money to a foreign country and no friend, it's crazy.
The corrupt establishment in Washington wants to surrender America's borders, even as they send our troops overseas to protect the borders of foreign countries. We are protecting the borders of foreign countries, but not our borders.
That s a good job. That's a good job. We don't usually do that. But I thought he deserved it because I got to see what they do, and what they do is incredible. Thank you, Mario. Appreciate it. Steve, thank you very much, everybody. Amazing. So I also want to thank some of the great people we have with us today.
This country has been great to me. It's been great to my family and I felt I had to do this. And the fact that I know, who is more of an insider than me, in all fairness? Nobody. Practically, nobody. So I know it from the inside and I know it from the outside, and the outside is a lot tougher. But I owe it to my country.
Don't forget we have $20 trillion, we got to pay it off. And we have so much wealth. And we want, and you know environmentally, I've received many environmental awards but I want crystal clear, crystal clean water right? I want such clean air. I want that air to be clean and I want safety. Other than that folks.
That is going to be the end. She's going to raise your taxes. And you know what? She has no plan. She doesn't talk about it. She won't talk about it. She's got to raise them to at least 55 percent. I'm lowering taxes substantially for the middle class who are being run out of our country. And I'm lowering them for business.
It's been a long time, right? From day one, I put America first. To defend our workers, I imposed tariffs on foreign aluminum and foreign steel. I saved our auto industry by withdrawing from the horrible Trans-Pacific Partnership, would have killed -- what I've done for Michigan, in particular, also Pennsylvania.
They wouldn't even have thought of doing what they did. Iran was broke under the Trump administration. They didn't have the money to fund Hamas and Hezbollah. They didn't have the money to fund themselves. They were going to make a deal, and it was going to be a great deal for us, and it was going to keep the world safe.
I want to recognize three very special FFA members who are carrying on that legacy. The winners of this year's American Star Award who are with us today. Stand up when I call your name, or come up here if you want. If you want to shake my hand, I'll shake your hand.
I have to tell you because they refused to write it. When Obama got his Nobel Prize, they didn't -- I mean it was the biggest story I've ever seen, right? And he didn't even know why he got it, he got it like immediately upon taking office, what a difference. But I told my first lady, I told our first lady, darling, you're going to be so proud of me tonight.
And, you know, there is no country like our country but we have a lot of sickness in some of our institutions and we're working very hard. We have a lot of them straightened out. But we do have, we really do. We have a rigged system in this country that we have to change it. Terrible. Terrible.
And -- but that allows -- think of this, that allows us to do it to Biden when he gets out, and that that would be very easy. But I don't want to do it. You know, once you do that, you've set yourself at a very downward, very bad path, very bad path. But nothing like this has never happened before, and it is true.
So, I call her beautiful. She's a beautiful woman. I call her beautiful, beautiful Hillary. But how many Democrats, think of it, when after my election -- I mean, now they're keeping a little bit quiet. You know, it doesn't look good. Never forget our enemies want to stop us because we are the only ones who are capable of stopping them, and they know that.
Look what happened to the United States and look where we are right now in just a short period of time. The only question now is how many more lives will be needlessly lost on both sides? China and India are the primary funders of the ongoing war by continuing to purchase Russian oil, but inexcusably, even NATO countries have not cut off much Russian energy and Russian energy products.
You have a jury. If I don't go there, they're there. If you don't go." I sort of felt I should be there. Said, "Sir, you shouldn't be there. This trial is bullshit." He used that. He said, "You should not be there, sir. This is beneath you." That's the term he used, beneath. So, I didn't go there, and they found me not guilty of the one charge, the big charge, but guilty of stuff.
[End Video] Can't do it. Can't do it. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you. You know, we have a great, great country. But we have a country with tremendous potential. A country that can be greater than ever before. We can't do this to ourselves. We can't. And, I, I personally don't think he's a nice person.
But they said, sir, could we ask you one question? It's always nice when a president or a prime minister calls me sir. That means he has a certain respect. He said, if you don't walk away from these meetings with us paying what we're supposed to be paying or much more, will you leave us? I said yes, I will. And they all said...
I love free trade. But I want to make great deals. I want to take a deal that's faulty where we're losing hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars a year. If I can make it good, isn't that a positive thing? OK. That's something Bernie can't do. He's right that they're bad, but he won't be able to fix them.
And we will ban deadly sanctuary cities, get 'em out of here, nobody wants them. The only ones want 'em are the politicians. The people in California don't want 'em, the politicians want 'em. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. Second amendment. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of endless, ridiculous, foreign wars of places you've never even heard of.
He's the one we wanted. He's the one that decided to do it. And he's going to be a fantastic -- I think he's going to be a fantastic U.S. senator, always respected at the highest level. And he was always fair to us, too, when he was on -- when he did his television thing, he was always fair, strong, fair.
I liked the first one better. We had no Democrat votes. Claire McCaskill was against it because she's party line. It's not that she's was against it. She's party line. She's going to go with the party line. It's like the young man last night that ran, he said, oh, I'm like Trump. He said, I, I, you know, Second Amendment, all, everything. I love the tax cuts. Everything. You wouldn't have known. It's a pretty smart race, actually. But he ran and he ran on that basis.
They keep the camera right on my face. They'll never show because they don't want to show the crowds. I remember where they had Bernie Sanders a couple of weeks ago, a couple of nights ago. I had 12,000 people and we had to send away seven because they couldn't get into the arena. Bernie Sanders had 3,000 people.
And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. It will be stopped. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again, and it will be very soon. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive. And every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and the American dream.
Strong. Hey, if I bring a Green Bay Packer up here and if I give him a whack, he's going to go, ahh, and then he'll knock the hell out of you, right? After he recovers from shock. But -- but you know, you have a -- there's no facial expression. No nothing. So she said -- this the exact quote. I was jolted backwards.
Second Amendment. It will be saved. The Second Amendment is going to be with us.
The America First Healthcare Plan includes another historic provision to benefit our great seniors. Under my plan, 33 million Medicare beneficiaries will soon receive a card in the mail containing $200 that they can use to help pay for prescription drugs. Nobody has seen this before. These cards are incredible. The cards will be mailed out in coming weeks.
Even if you're against Israel or you're against the Jewish people, show up and listen to the concept. But she's totally against the Jewish people. And it amazes me how Jewish people will vote for the Democrats when they're being treated so disrespectfully and badly. It amazes me. It's shocking. I don't -- I don't get it. I don't get it. Kamala even wants to pass laws to outlaw red meat to stop climate change.
I got much more. And we then negotiated where we had a Remain in Mexico. They had a remain here. They would take people that we didn't know anything about. They'd go into the United States. We'd never find them again. I said, "We want Remain in Mexico." And we did that, and we got Remain in Mexico, and we deported illegal alien gang members, MS-13, by the tens of thousands.
When I took it over it was totally depleted our military. We have the greatest equipment that any military is ever even conceived of. Things that people have no idea what we have and let's keep it that way. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, already signed. Further reduce health insurance premiums and the costs of prescription drugs will be dropping like a rock very soon.
And it was done and paid for by crooked Hillary Clinton, the Democrat National Committee, and the Democrat Party in conjunction, in conjunction with Russia. They said Russia, Russia, Russia about me. And they were working with Russia. This could only happen to Trump. And yet, after all that, these same people came after me. So, they spy on my campaign and then they come after Trump.
Why do we protect our airports, and our banks, our government buildings, but not our schools? [Applause] It's time to make our schools a much harder target for attackers. We don't want them in our schools. [Applause] We don't want them.
And I also want to thank your amazing families. Because you know that, without them, you couldn't do it. And they're here. And they are indeed fantastic people. So thank you to the families. Appreciate it very much.
We go to New Hampshire. We come down here. You know the beauty was? When I came here, everyone thought Bush was going to win. And then they took a poll and they found out Trump was up by about 50 points. Everyone said, "What's going on right here?" They thought Bush because Bush supposedly was a military person.
Thanks, Mike, and thanks for being a friend. I also want to thank a great politician and a fantastic person running for governor of North Carolina. His endorsement yesterday was amazing, right? From North Carolina, Lieutenant Governor Mark Robinson, that was such an endorsement, it went viral. It was all over the world last night.
Anybody in this room -- anybody in this room from a terror territory? All right, a practice -- and this is a practice which will continue under Hillary Clinton except it will expand five, six, seven fold. I don't get it. I mean, I know they will vote Democrat, OK, that's what I know, but they will not be voting for a long time.
I -- I just want to say I said of the 59 people that you want to bring home, how are they? And how are they doing? Do you have any idea? Because they left that whole scene not long ago. And they said well, of the 59, 24 are living, the rest are dead. I just heard that. And um, I was told that before by somebody else, but 24 are living, the rest are dead.
And if you get an endorsement from a lot of people, it never really -- is that a correct statement? If you look, Cory, Shelley, if you get an endorsement, it was nice to have, but it didn't mean anything. These endorsements -- and I'm not saying it from my standpoint. They're going 20, 30, 40, 50 points. Fifty points, it's crazy.
You had the greatest economy you ever had. And then... And don't worry, it's gonna be, you're gonna have that next year. You're gonna, wait'll you see the third quarter numbers. You're gonna have great numbers, okay? You're gonna have great numbers. But, but, but we had to close it up and we saved millions of lives.
I can think of probably 30, 35 will be good. And five will be OK. Ten will be OK. You'll have four or five that will be terrible, but that's OK. We have to control it. But you'll have Idaho. You'll have -- Idaho will do a great job. No that, no this. They run a great state. A lot of places will have education that can compete with Norway and Denmark, but we'll have certain places -- and it's the same places like Gavin Newsom, who is a terrible governor.
Erasing our borders, cheating like we've never seen before in elections, exporting our jobs, and squandering our blood and treasure on endless foreign wars. We didn't start any wars. First time in 71 years, no wars. They all said, "Trump will get us into a war. He's got that personality." No, it was my personality that kept us out of wars.
They have non=dollar barriers. okay, they're non-dollar. You know what the barrier says? You can't sell in our country. That's worse than heavy taxes. So we have countries and groups of countries, which is even worse.
It's OK," they wouldn't have paid, right? That's the way it works in life. But all of this money that you see right now, and I was the one that said, we're going to send in the tank busters, right? Remember, we're going to send in Javelins. You know that, right? And I got badly criticized at the time. We're going to send in Javelins.
Wow. Wow. Thank you. Woah. Thank you. Thank you. What a beautiful crowd. What a beautiful place. Beautiful. Wow. Thank you. Folks, we have a movement going on. This is not like, this is a movement. We're going to take our country back. We're going to be a smart country, not a stupid country, led by stupid people.
But Washington democrats continue to attack our wonderful members of ICE and the border patrol, more than half of whom are Hispanic Americans and many of them are here today. And I'm very proud to receive the endorsement from some of the toughest people on earth. In fact, I think they could actually go to Dana and some of them could be nice, good fighters with Dana.
Vote for me. I don't know a damn thing about him, but I'm going to get him." But even if they've committed no crimes, no problems, it's a fascist and authoritarian. And the people who talk about democracy are literally destroying it before our very eyes. Nobody can believe the things that we're witnessing, so many things after hundreds of subpoenas.
Thank you. OK.
Nine point eight. What were we 1 -- 1.4? Yeah. And that was -- and those and those numbers were a little bit tinge too believe me. The fact is this happened again because of all of the business they're getting from the world, but mostly from the United States because of manipulation. Now, we're fast becoming a country of broken dreams, sadly, and I'm hearing it all the time, and it really is a very serious matter.
It's never been like this. Think of it. Six months ago we had the safest border in history. Now, we have the worst and most unsafe border in history. But we are helping other countries because their prisons are very soon going to be totally empty. Thank you very much. They're sending them into our country.
Great. We are going to bring back the American dream. And we -- and this is as sure as you're standing here tonight and look around, folks because this is a movement. This is something very special and it's happening all over the country, not just here in Miami. It's happening all over the country. You'll see it tomorrow in Jacksonville.
Thank you very much. You know, I've been here before. [Laughter] You do know that. Before the big day on November 8th, I was here.
It's beautiful 'cause of the people. And we had, by the way, everybody was -- Every big business leader. That, that was really a -- That was an amazing event. But it was respect for the country is the, the biggest event they've ever done of its kind, and there's never been anything even close. It was -- [Audience member calls out, inaudibly] Thank you.
Are you from there? Yes. Since we beat her there. And then in Michigan, in the largest vote, primary vote in history, we beat her by 42 points. And I haven't heard about her, so I won't even use -- People say, don't even talk about it. Don't talk to her, but I have to. When I have some, I have to talk front row Joes because she's bad news.
I also want to thank a very special group of people who always get the job done and get it done right -- the proud members of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers. Thank you very much. Thank you.
You're really becoming a utility in addition to doing what you're doing. But you're building all of the excess, all of that energy, all of that electricity is being built. And your excess electricity, you can sell back to the federal grid. So we even make it there. Under the deals being signed this week, the world's two leading energy superpowers, America and Saudi Arabia, are partnering on energy like we've never partnered before.
I've gotten to know her. I don't know if she liked me at the beginning, but she likes me now. Does that make sense? [Laughter] She likes me know. We've gotten to know each other. She's an incredible woman. Leah's radical, far-left opponent is Tammy Baldwin. Who wants a socialist takeover of health care. You know, I'm trying to say that very nicely.
I'm friendly with like Republicans, I get along with everybody. You know, everyone said oh, you won't be a unifier. I'll be the greatest unifier of all. Why? Is Obama a unifier? But I will tell you, many of the Democrats that voted for Obamacare would never have done it now, and they were lied to 28 times, right?
And I'm actually happy he's running for this because, I mean, hey, look, he's the worst Presidential pick in the history of Presidential politics, I think. And I say this, they always take that one little section -- have you seen how dishonest they are? They'll take that one little section. I say if I lose to him, it'll be a disgrace.
And as I left the debate stage -- I took off because other people were entering the stage. You understand. I said, I don't want to confront other people. So, we had a great debate. But as I left, CNN, I won't say who, but they said that was the single greatest debate performance I've ever seen. And this went on for two days.
And the New York Times, I'm telling you, The Washington Post was purchased by a [Inaudible]. It's a loser. Losing money hand over fist. The Washington Post was purchased by the gentleman that runs and has a big stake in Amazon, right? You know his name. Correct, Bezos. You know his name. So now he uses that as a political weapon because he doesn't want to pay tax at Amazon.
A Trump administration will completely renegotiate NAFTA or we will walk away and make a brand-new deal that's far better where actually businesses start coming to Pennsylvania and to Ohio. [Applause]
A strong and smart America is an America that will find a better friend in China. We can both benefit or we can both go our separate ways.
We must also do more to help our Veterans find jobs
He shouldn't be there. Shouldn't be there for a lot of reasons, but he shouldn't be there just based on his competence. And tell him to take the cognitive test. That would be an interesting, set a record for an all time -- I took it. They said, "Trump is vicious and he's brilliant and he wants to take over the world." And that wasn't working.
I didn't have to spend any money. I didn't have to spend any money but within. I'll tell you what. And that's a big thing. I don't think I get credit for that. I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm the only one in either party. I'm self-funding my campaign. I'll go a step further. I think I'm the only one in many, many years.
You didn't think you'd see that day when they're starting to build the new steel plants. And the steel workers, I said to a couple of them, big, strong guys. They came up to me. One of them said, thank you, sir, for saving our country. And he was crying. And I'm telling you, he was crying. I don't think this guy cried when he was a baby.
I buy from all of them. I'm not buying from Carrier anymore, by the way. I'm not buying but. But they have to compete with all the other companies. It's gonna be the same. They're going to make more. And you know what, what does it do for us? Think of it. What does it do? So I'm a free trader, but free trade isn't working and we don't have the people that can do free trade because we don't have the smart people.
They are pouring back in. They are coming back. They are coming back fast. This has been an incredible couple of weeks for America. The economy is roaring. The ISIS caliphate is defeated 100 percent. And after three years of lies and smears and slander the Russia hoax is finally dead. The collusion delusion is over.
But you look at what's happened in some of these states, they get it. They know what happened. But you know what we have to do? Never forget that. I'm not one of these "You have to forget it." So many people say, "Sir, put it in the background." You can't forget because if you forget, they're going to do it again.
And if a company wants to fire their workers, leave our country, and then ship their products back into our country. There will be consequences, I'm sorry. There will be a consequences... [Applause]
Today's leftists do not believe in freedom. They do not believe in fairness, and they do not believe in democracy. They believe in Marxist morality. Anything is justified as long as it hurts their political opponents and advances the radical agenda of their party. It's a radical agenda like nobody has seen before.
I got no teleprompter. And did I do a good job, Mr. Speaker? And he won. And he won, huh? Thank you, Matt. And he won. And so you're up there all alone. We don't go 32, 32, 32. Oh, my god, whatever. Kamala Harris is a train wreck who has destroyed everything in her path. To make her president would be a gamble with the lives of millions and millions of people.
But these disastrous policies were on the ballot box in 2016, and they lost, and they lost big. That's why we're here. In 2016, the American people voted to reject this corrupt globalism. They voted to reclaim their independence and their pride. And they voted most importantly to make America great again. It's very simple.
Smart people -- So they get called and they -- they immediately get turned off by their lobbyist, special interest and donors. OK? So that's the end. So Ford will build and -- and -- and by the way, three days ago, I'm reading the paper. And because there was no pressure put on Ford, they're now doubling down.
Now, a lot of people don't like to hear that. A lot of the conservatives -- you know the conservatives. You know what's amazing to me? When I say I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA and make it into a good deal from a disastrous deal -- now, you always have to be prepared to walk, so there's a good chance we'll have to walk. But I'm going to make it into a good deal as opposed to a bad deal.
What happened in Afghanistan is the most embarrassing day in the history of our country, but our military is incredible. Now we have chaos, mayhem, and we have death all over. It's no wonder Joe Biden and his thugs are so desperate to stop us. They know that we are the only ones who can stop them. They know that.
We need those ratings to be 100%. We have to be able to trust our media. They say you have to have that. You need strong, strong borders, and you need really free, fair, clean elections. You need those things, but the media is a big part of it. In the world of health and medicine, there is an exciting new movement to get poisons out of our food supply, keep toxins out of our government, clean out our environment, and make America healthy again.
Her protesters have so little enthusiasm for her and they're so boring that the cameras don't follow them. So it's sad when you think of it. I like the Bernie protesters better. They had enthusiasm. By the way, a reminder to everyone here, register to vote. You've got to register to vote. We have a movement going on, folks.
We have only one good thing about this is they make our criminals look like very nice people. These are hardened -- these are hardened, horrible criminals, and we have to get them the hell out of our country because they've ruined -- I mean, they're ruining the fabric of our country. Kamala is directly responsible for the tens of thousands of crimes committed by illegal migrants that she set free into our country.
And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. It will be ended. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig.
They just say, "Chris, tonight, we're closing up the George Washington Bridge because the mayor of a certain area is against you." Oh, OK. They didn't mention it. Nobody believes it. No. 2, nine downgrades of the state. Nine downgrades. It's a disaster. They have property over there. The taxes are through.
We've gotten rid of more regulations than any President in history no matter how long they were in office. Oh, by the way, we just uh, set a record. By the end of the first term, we will have at, maybe even more than 300 Federal Judges and, and, and, three great Supreme Court Justices. So you have Justice Cavanaugh, Justice Gorsuch, and you have -- Amy is going through right now.
So just an answer will increase tariffs in China and we won't back down until China stops cheating our workers and stealing our jobs, and that's what's going to happen. Otherwise, we don't have to do business with them. We don't have to do business. We can make the product right here if we have to, like we used to. Remember?
It has to have a three. Because this was a five, right, 5.6 billion, 5.7 billion. I said, "Nope, it's too high." And they called back a week later and they took another $250 million. So, I got 650 million. With like about two minutes of conversation, I said "No, I'm not doing it. It has to have a three."
It's no different than a great baseball player or a great golfer, I mean, we want the people that are going to be bring -- they're so proud to do it. These people have given up fortunes of income in order to make a dollar a year, and they are so proud to do it. And you watch, you watch what's going to happen. It's going to have happen fast, too, going to happen fast. [Applause]
The best numbers we've ever had. Remember, I used to say, "What do you have to lose?" I was in a room and it started, and I'm reading off economic numbers -- the worst crime numbers, worst housing ownership numbers, worst everything. It just -- worst education. Worst everything. I think there were 9 or 10 different very major factors -- African American.
The President is leading him like by 20 points. It's like, I said the last time. Nobody is leading Trump in Texas, and you know what? Nobody is even close to us in the great state of Colorado. We're leading big. Right? Nobody. With your energy, enthusiasm, this November, specifically, it's November 3rd is the big day.
And Lee Zeldin is going to do a great job environmentally as we fix our tax system. We can also cut colossal amounts of government waste, fraud and abuse, of which there's a lot. But tonight I restate my pledge from the campaign. I will not sign any bill that cuts even a single penny from Medicare or Social Security for our great seniors.
So I like the idea. Boycott Apple until such time as they give that information. I think that's a great idea. OK. Yes, yes, ma'am.
Voter registration. You got to change this stuff, Sununu. Sununu is not doing his job. I'll tell you what, I think Sununu is, right now, unelectable in New Hampshire, OK? I think he's unelectable. And, you know, he has a long history because his father actually treated me very well. I don't know what happened to the father.
That was sent by Russia and Donald Trump, you know. These people -- and yet they have more because Hillary Clinton gave them 20% of our uranium. Gave Russia for a big payment. And her man has to do with [Inaudible], the whole thing. They're a bunch of crooks. I'm telling you, our country, is in such trouble.
And from now on, the US government will deal only with AI that pursues truth, fairness and strict impartiality. We're not going to go through the craziness that we've gone through for the last four years. And then we skip four and then you go back and it started then, but it hung around a little while. Now it's not hanging around at all.
It was supposed to open September in two years from now and it's gonna be one of the great hotels of the world. Maximum job. Unbelievable. It's gonna be one of the great hotels of the world. That's what we need. That's the thinking we need in this country. That's the thinking we need in this country. So I tell the people and they say, well, what would be the difference like with the military?
They used to love to compare us, but we compared very favorably, but now we're making ventilators for Europe and the rest of the world. We're doing things that nobody thought was even possible. So I just want to thank all of the people that worked so hard on that. That's been an amazing, amazing experience.
And then we come to election night. Now, I figured it's going to be close in Texas because I believed those people. No longer. But I believed. [Audience Boos] So it hits 8 o'clock, and they go, like, two seconds after 8:00. "Donald Trump has won the state of Texas. Donald Trump has won the state of Utah." And we won by so much.
You see it outside. By the time I came into office after our victory in 2016, the Michigan auto industry was on its knees begging for help gasping. And really, it was at the last breaths of life, and I had to move quickly. You were going to not have any auto industry here. You were -- it was going. It was all gone.
How do you handle it? But they're great women, and they've been with us from the very beginning. They were with us from the beginning in 2016 when we had the four greatest years this country has ever had. They were with us now. Thank you very much. North Carolina. We're doing well in North Carolina. Thank you, darling.
So, she went in with this vice president guy that nobody ever heard of. And she did an interview with a very friendly reporter. Well, see maybe the friendly reporter, not friendly to a lot of other people. They were -- she was very fair to me. Dana Bash, very fair to me in the debate. We had the debate with sleepy Joe.
What kind of thinking is it? And I'm the one that got it down to 2000. I wanted to get out of their -- They were there 21 years. I wanted to get -- I had it all set. But we were going to get out with dignity and with strength. And we were taking our soldiers out last and we were taking our equipment out and our American citizen out.
You're gonna do much better or when we take on China or the European Union, which has tremendous blocks. It's very hard for us to sell stuff into the European Union. It was put there to take advantage of the United States okay. So when we do not anymore you're right, not anymore, we told them that yesterday actually said the same words not anymore.
So, now, they ripped off the top, they took the gloves off, and we can say whatever we want. And I'll tell you what. And I'll tell you what. What he's done is a scandal the likes of which this country has never seen, and the fake news hates to talk about it. But it's a horrible thing that Crooked Joe Biden has spent nearly $1 billion to house illegal aliens and foreign migrants who are pouring into our country.
We will make America strong again. [Applause]
American steel will send those new skyscrapers into the clouds. American hands will rebuild this nation and American energy, harvested from American sources, will power our nation. American workers will be hired to do the job. [Applause]
And this would be a war with nuclear, and I don't even want to tell you about the destructive capability, but this would be obliteration.
It was just announced. We have more jobs right now than we've ever had in the history of our country. Those are big numbers. You know, it's like crazy. It's a great -- it's just a great stat, more jobs today than we've ever had in the history of our country and we're going to be producing a lot more, a lot more coming.
But I say, please say the second part. They never write it. We'll also have a lot more jobs, OK? We're going to have a lot more jobs. And that's the key. That's the key. We're going to have jobs. We're going to have jobs making products for ourselves. We're going to have jobs making products that we export to other countries.
Thank you, Ben.
Many are murderers, though, because prison populations are being released into our country. And these are tough people. They're tough people, and they're vicious, evil people, in many cases, that we can't have. But it's very tough because we'll take one young woman with two children, and they'll put them in a bus to take them back to some country.
It's been very successful. They've been trying to get it passed for a long time. We had conservatives, super-conservatives, very liberal people, Republicans, Democrats -- we had a lot of people. And I'm especially grateful to the help of Chief Cell of the IACP -- fantastic man -- as well as Pat Yoes and Jim Pasco of the Fraternal Order of Police in achieving this landmark breakthrough.
All right, Brian. Yeah, please.
And just two years ago, we had Iran, China, Russia, and North Korea and China. And they weren't going to do a thing against us, not a thing. Not a thing. This is the greatest. This might be the greatest rally we've ever had. Wow. And perhaps most importantly, we are a nation that is no longer respected or listened to around the world.
Not that they want to impeach him. They want to scare the hell out of him so he votes along the liberal lines because if he votes along the liberal lines -- they're playing the ref better than the great Bobby Knight of Indiana ever played the ref. Remember, with the chair and the this -- they said, "Bobby, Bobby, you're not going to win that call." He said, "Yeah, but I'm going to win the next one." That's what they're doing.
And it could happen. We'll see what happens. And if it doesn't happen, we'll put tariffs on the cars coming in from Canada, and that'll be even better. So...
We did something that we really felt we should do, and we supported moms and dads by dramatically expanding education savings accounts, which is a big deal. Use them. Under my leadership, the Republican Party will always support the creation of strong, thriving, healthy American families. We're supporting America First, a little thing called America First.
But they couldn't get their permits. It was -- they were in review for years, many, many years like a decade or more. And I said it's so ridiculous. I know so much about that because in the construction industry, I had to go through it, too. But I got good at it after a while, but I went -- I saw the projects and you're talking about a total investment of $25 to $30 billion and it looked like it was going to end.
The Green New Deal, right? Green New Deal -- I encourage it. I think it's really something that they should promote. [Laughter] They should work hard on. It's something our country needs desperately. They have to go out and get it. But I'll take the other side of that argument only because I'm mandated to. I'm mandated.
She says her plan is going to be -- and bring down prices. She thinks she's going to bring down prices. Then why -- here's a simple little few words. Why didn't you do it, Kamala? Why didn't you do it? You've been there three and a half years. Why aren't you doing it now? You can do it right now. I can say that with everything.
All you have to do is look at the lines, the disaster.  [Audience member calls out "we need you back"]
LaSonya is the director at customer care at Crowley Marine [Maritime]. Following the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Crowley was able to pay employees like LaSonya a big tax cut bonus. They took a lot of money, and they gave it around to the employees. That bonus will help support the education of her two sons, Cameron and Christian. [Applause] Pretty good, right? Pretty good.
America has lost -- listen to this because it's not even a number -- honestly, I thought it was a typo. I thought it was 700 factories or 7,000. America has lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization. [Booing]
They had record-setting cold weather. When you have 30, 40 degrees below, that's even cold for your standard Steve, right? That's seriously cold. But we're also dominating crooked Joe Biden in the general election. We're up ten points over Biden in the new Harris poll while Haley is getting crushed. She's getting crushed.
They're just -- they're fake. They're terrible. But you know what? When he goes -- and he always points. He goes like this. "Thank you. Where am I? Thank you." And then he goes, and he points. You ever notice? And it's always he ends up going in the opposite direction ultimately. But he goes, and then sometimes he trips over them.
But only if the car is made in the U.S., OK? Which will be here. And I had a call from some of the smartest guys on Wall Street. These are, you know, 182 IQ stuff, unlike Biden and Kamala. They're low-IQ individuals, very low. But I was talking to 182 guys. That's about top of the pack. And they said, "Where the hell did you come up with that idea?" It's so simple, right? And they loved the second part, but they never even had the first part.
But as you probably saw yesterday, now, he's sending long-range missiles up, and he doesn't respect very strongly President Biden. But he liked me. We had two summits. We got along great. I know every -- I know a lot of things about him. I know a lot of things about him. He's a smart guy. He's a tough guy.
Very importantly, Canada will finally give fair treatment to American-grown wheat, which is a big deal to you people. What the hell do I know about it? I don't know anything about it; I just know you had a problem with it. I said to a couple of the farmers -- I'd have a lot of farmers at the White House.
Now they're being murdered and killed. Now when I would go and read and study when I would go and read and study when I would go and read and study history, I always loved history for some history. I always loved history for some history. I always loved history for some reason and you'd read about medieval reason and you'd read about medieval reason and you'd read about medieval times.
Let's not let the enemy know that." That doesn't sound too good. Steve Bannon would say, "That's not a good thing." No ammunition is not good. Right, Steve? And I built so much ammunition so fast. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. We give a lot of our ammunition away, as you know. And we have to take care of ourselves, we have to protect ourselves.
Another good friend of mine right here in Perry, Georgia, secretary and former governor of your state for eight years. He was term limited or you would have been he'd still be here. Wouldn't we be happy if he was? Sonny Perdue. He did a fantastic job. He did a fantastic job. They have good genes in that family.
But they asked me a question just to show you. It's so terrible. They said, "Mr. Trump." now you've got to say, "Leading all the polls, getting the biggest crowds, everybody's gone crazy." they said, "Mr. Trump. Is there any way that you'd get out of the race." And I said to myself, now think of it, who would be asked that question?
And we will stop at nothing to deliver better healthcare for you and for your family. I will never let you down. You have been incredible to me and I will never ever forget you. I will never let you down. I promise that. Thank you. Thank you very much. We're lowering the cost of prescription drugs, taking on the pharmaceutical companies.
Very simple. Very simple. A vote for any Democrat tomorrow is a vote to hand over power to cryin' Chuck Schumer. You know cryin' Chuck, right? Remember when he... He never cried before. I've known him a long time. I never saw him cry, but that was an appropriate moment. Right on schedule. Nancy Pelosi. The legendary Maxine Waters, a real genius.
She's right about that. That's good. Well, it's great to have you here. Thank you very much.
Does everyone ever here with an N, not an M. Con like a con job. Concast. They spend a fortune on public relations. Comcast has delivered to you the news, all the news. And they spend a fortune on -- and then I go up and make one speech and I call them Concast and that's the end of the PR for the year. They are a bad group of people, they're sick.
You want to make it big, you had to be in New York, but sadly, this is now a city in decline. Throughout my life, I've seen New York through good times and bad, through boom times and crime waves, through market crashes and terrorist attacks, but I've never seen it quite like this. We have filthy encampments of drugged out homeless people living in our places that we've spent so much time with children where they used to play.
You know, you go to $7, $8, but I mean they just keep putting taxes on gasoline. It's crazy. I think you ought to take a look at that, Doug. It's ridiculous what he's doing out there, and he's really hurting people a lot. But we have -- in a free market, we have gasoline that's getting down to the low 2s and in some cases even breaking that.
And my father is looking down. Probably he's looking down. But my mother is definitely looking down. My father, you know, a little questionable, but he was -- he was a tough guy, but he was a great guy and a good guy. But we're one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, under God. We will never give in.
Yeah.
Qasem Soleimani is dead. He's dead. One of the biggest things ever to happen in the Middle East, people couldn't even believe it. [Audience chants "USA"] And I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous $150 billion, $1.8 billion in cash, disastrous Iran nuclear deal. And you know what, when we win -- when we win, the first call I'm going to get, and I'm not doing this as anything and I'm not trying to taunt to anybody, but because it makes sense.
No, no, people were killed. A lot of people were killed. The numbers are much bigger than you hear. It should have never happened. Most of the stuff, almost all of it. I can't think of anything that would have happened. We would have stopped all of it. And we did. And we had no inflation. Now, you have inflation that's so bad, probably the worst we've ever had.
You look beautiful.
Three years ago, we had the most secure border in U.S. history, and you see that up there. We ended catch and release. We built 571 miles of border wall very successfully. We're all ready to add another 200. That's far more than I said I was going to build, but it worked so well. We got Mexico to send 28,000 soldiers.
This is three weeks ago. They interviewed him. What do we do? The world is blowing up. Israel, Ukraine, the whole place is blowing up. What do you do? He says you get back President Trump. When President Trump was president, we had none of this. Ukraine wouldn't have been attacked. They wouldn't be fighting with Russia.
You know, Joe thought his career was over because he wasn't thinking straight. That he ran, that he ran and Elizabeth Warren said, "I want to stay until the end and take out Bernie, you know, she took out Bernie. And we're running against Joe instead of Bernie and Bernie's gonna run again though in another four years.
I just can't even imagine that he can be accepted while allowing the millions and millions of people into our country like he's done. Afghanistan, you know, we forget about Afghanistan, most embarrassing day in the history of our country. All the things that he did are so bad, but we have to worry about this caucus coming up, January 15th, Martin Luther King.
And then when I said, "They're animals." Nancy Pelosi went crazy. She said, "How dare he talks about human beings that way." I mean, can you believe this? So you have to be very politically correct? Right, Dan?
Everyone is doing well and it's going to be a lot better. We are going to do better and better. We are going to make our country great again. And we are looking at our country now as America first. America first. [Crowd Chants USA] So tonight we are going to speak straight to the American people and cut right through the fake news media. Right through. Right through. [Applause]
He ought to be working on your jobs and leaving and going to Mexico and your military. I'll tell you what? First of all, she's got bigger problems. But four more years of Obama? We can't take it, folks. Four more years of ISIS that's what it is. Four more years of no jobs. Now, she wants to start a shooting war in Syria in conflict with a nuclear armed Russia that could very well lead to World War III.
We will bring down interest rates and appoint a special team to attack the high price of fertilizer and other farm products, which is happening again because of energy. Drill, baby, drill. That's what we're going to do. [Audience responses "Yes"]
And that was the ballgame, folks. That was the ballgame. Wisconsin, Michigan, it was -- it was in a great -- was that one of the greatest evenings of all time? And, you know, that was every network, every cable station, everything, everybody, look at them all back there, oh, they're loving this, they're loving this.
We will end chain migration. All things we did so well. All they had to do is leave it alone. We had the greatest border in our history. We will end the visa lottery, and we will clamp down on illegal immigration, just like we did less than two years ago. Can you believe where we've come in two years? Our country is going to hell.
So we had seven swing states last time. President Trump is going to go home early, but it wasn't President at that time, it was just Donald Trump. He will go home early and we did. We went home early, as victors, right? But we had -- we had nine states. They had one of their crazy papers, New York Times.
It's the worst deal I've ever seen. And the only time he left the table is to go on a bicycle ride and he crashed or broke his leg in his arm and I promised everybody I would never go riding in a bicycle race. I swear to you. I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
Well, first of all, great question. The VA is one of the most corrupt enterprises in all of Washington and the country. It's so poorly run. It's so poorly run, and with that being said by the way, I've met some people that are really great doctors and some of the people are even saying some of the doctors are fantastic.
As long as I'm president, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth. And we will remain energy independent. We're energy independent for the first time, first time. That means we don't have to call people up in far away places and say, "We need some oil, please. We'll send our armies over there to protect you and help you." But we do have great allies over there.
So it's very interesting to got slapped. So it's very interesting to see, you know, I sat back and I actually see, you know, I sat back and I actually see, you know, I sat back and I actually wrote a few things down, wrote a few things down, wrote a few things down. Concerning ethanol, biofuel and and I concerning ethanol, biofuel and and I concerning ethanol, biofuel and - and I wanted to just read what I wrote because wanted to just read what I wrote because wanted to just read what I wrote because I think it's very important from the - I think it's very important from the - I think it's very important from the standpoint, certainly of this room standpoint, certainly of this room standpoint, certainly of this room, there's a little bit different.
We are going to tax something you haven't even taken. They're going to put a tax on an unrealized gain. Think of this. That's a new one. Even in the world, that's a new one. It's called communism. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small business, and we will have a few things that I think you'll like.
And I joked that day -- I said, can you imagine the head of this big Canadian company, in this case, they build pipelines -- and they failed. Didn't work. They paid millions and millions and hundreds of millions of dollars to consultants and lawyers, and they failed. And it was over. And then one day Trump wins, and a few days later they get a knock on the door -- sir, the Keystone pipeline was just approved.
I love the whole state. [Applause] So, and I have a lot of employees. And I'm paying them a lot of money. [Applause] And by the way, a lot of African-American employees, a lot of Hispanic employees. Applause] A lot. And they're very happy. They like Donald Trump. So new polls have just come in.
I love those properties. But you know what? I love this much more. It's not even a contest. Many people have said, "Have you had it?" Because they've treated me terribly, you know. Look, they treated Andrew Jackson, President Andrew, a great general and a good president. They treated him the worst up until me.
Once we're in power, we can do that. And our goal will be, as I said, one day, voting with paper ballots and voter ID, very simple. We don't want to have elections that go for 63 days. Why are those votes being moved? Do you ever see with the wheelbarrows? They have wheelbarrows. They're moving and dumping them.
I will uphold your Second Amendment. I will protect innocent life, we will restore free speech, and I will secure our elections once and for all. We're going to have great elections. You have to have elections and you have to have borders. And if you don't have both of them perfect, you don't have a country.
That was a big thing. When you come up, if you want to come through Mexico, that's OK. But you're going to remain in Mexico until you're approved to come in, of which a very small portion got approved, like about 4%. But you are going to remain in Mexico. You had to see Tijuana. You had to see something.
If you make your voices heard and call up your congressmen -- and they've been terrific. And call up your Senators, and they have been totally terrific. Most of them have been incredible. They really are. They're really friends of mine. They've been incredible. But it doesn't take much. That's why we need more. We need to have a larger number.
After what, we can't go on like this. You can't -- in so many ways, but you can't go on like that with respect to affordable -- you know, they call it affordable health care."""fter what
First on taxes, we're going to undertake one of the great tax reforms and simplifications in American history. It's going to be simpler. Too much work, too complicated. And the center of the plan is massive tax relief for the American middle class has been forgotten... [Applause]
Terminally ill. So now they have to wait on line. These are our great people. If our veterans have to wait online, they go out and they see a private doctor. We pay the bill. And we get them fixed up. And we also passed for the veterans the V.A. accountability law to ensure that anyone who mistreats our veterans will be accountable.
When they do, they should learn about Jerusalem Avenue. In August of 1944, Jerusalem Avenue was one of the main roads running east and west through this city, just as it is today.
In many ways, it's tougher when they're not wearing a uniform because you don't know exactly who they are. In Los Angeles, the governor of California, the mayor of Los Angeles, they're incompetent and they paid troublemakers, agitators and insurrectionists. They're engaged in this willful attempt to nullify federal law and aid the occupation of the city by criminal invaders.
And they agreed. Tijuana was probably the fastest-growing town in the history of the world. Tijuana was growing at levels that nobody's ever seen anything growing. It was all in Mexico. They couldn't -- and by the way, they couldn't get by, you know why? Because I built the wall. That's right. But that chart tells you.
A tremendous company. Turnberry in Scotland, Doral, many buildings all over the place, Bank of America building in San Francisco with a great partner. Lots of great deals, right? Great buildings. 1290 Avenue of the Americas, one of the biggest office buildings in Manhattan. Trump Tower, so many buildings, right?
So, on your farms, for the most part, you will have no estate tax or death tax to pay. You can leave your farm, you can leave your small business to your children or whoever you want to leave them, don't always leave them to the children. If the children aren't good children don't, leave them to somebody else.
They have so much money. They're not taking any of the migration, any of the migrants. They're not taking any. They're not spending any money, and I have many friends in the Gulf states but they're going to have to shell out. They will spend. We will supervise, get it done but we will get the money from the Gulf states.
A wheel and a wall. Right? A wheel and a wall. They're going to have a lot of brilliant people working over the years. They re never going to replace the wheel, and they're never going to replace the wall. And it's a high wall. Illegal immigrants coming into our country illegally, very few of them are getting in right now.
We don't let that happen anymore. And we had four great years -- we had the greatest economy in the history of our country. The stock market went up 88 percent, we did great. And we're going to do better now because now we're really -- we learned a little bit. After years of leaders who sent your money to defend the borders of distant foreign nations -- that's what we did.
We have to take our country back. We have to run the country properly. So, I'm going to bring up a man who's a great man. He's a great, great guy. I saw him the other day on television. Don't worry, it's OK. You can shout. I wonder -- I wonder if the Mexican government sent them over here. I think so. Because I'm telling you, I tell about the bad deals that this country is making.
Think of it. We left. We took our soldiers out first. The child would know you don't do that. I didn't lose one soldier. I spoke to them, the Taliban. They said, "Why are you speaking to the Taliban?" He shouldn't, the press -- I said, "Because they're the people that make that decision." Like Jesse James.
Can you believe that one? Can you believe that they're changing the name of the Cleveland Indians? So, I guess tiger is probably at play. Also, everything's at play. If you let these people get away with it, they'll destroy your whole country, OK? It's crazy. I also want to say a brief word about the atrocities this week in the Houston area, where three brave police officers were brutally shot in the line of duty on Thursday, a Harris County officer was murdered by an illegal alien in a traffic stop on Sunday.
But you know, I had to stay, and we did great in Florida and we did great in Ohio, too. But I wasn't able to go, because I believed this phony, phony, dirty poll. And that's the way it is. That's the way politics is.
And we will end illegal immigration once and for all. We did most of it. Most of those things we had, and then they gave them up so stupidly. We will stop the crime wave and Democrat-run cities. We will give our police the power they need and the respect they deserve. They're incredible, and we will not take legal protection away from our police.
And so many pastors really has helped me. And so many pastors really has helped me and so many pastors and ministers and tonight I see that I and ministers and tonight I see that I and ministers and tonight I see that I won with the evangelicals the won with the evangelicals, the won with the Evangelicals the evangelical vote was worse for Trump.
They can come in to the country but they have to come in legally. They have to be vetted. So I'm running against different people and Ted's been nice to me and I've been nice to him but he's got a problem and you know he's got a problem and it's going to be very interesting to see what happens because natural-born citizen and you see here, articles all over the place
I don't want to do that. Jack endorsed me, I said thank you, Jack. I Jack endorsed me. I said thank you, Jack. I Jack endorsed me. I said thank you, Jack. I appreciate he said well, you're gonna do appreciate. He said well, you're gonna do appreciate. He said, well, you're gonna do a great job, you're gonna shake things up, a great job, you're gonna shake things up, a great job, you're gonna shake things up.
One of the things that we've done in addition to the biggest tax cuts is we've eliminated the largest number of job-killing regulations of any president, even if they're there for four years, eight years, almost 16 years. We -- we set the record already and we have a lot to go. I mean, we're going to have a lot to go. We were talking to some of the folks today.
But the head of it, they endorsed this guy. And he comes in, and within two days, he ended the whole project. And those people suffered greatly, 48,000 jobs, 48,000 people that gave their life for that, and they never really sort of recovered. That's what they wanted to do. I withdrew from the disastrous Paris Climate Accord, which was a rip-off.
These people are stupid, they're stupid people. [Applause]
Very famous escalator right now. People go to take pictures of the escalator, but we came down the escalator, we were in first place, right? We never went -- I never left center stage, right? And that's based on poll numbers if you're the No. 1 poller and I said, look, I want an odd number. I don't want an even number because it -- what is it?
We're getting them done in less than a year. And if they're not good for the environment, they won't get approved. They won't get approved. But at least you'll know, one way or the other. We're getting them done quickly or we're letting them know they don't work. But we're finding that most of them do. Most of them do. And today, we celebrate the amazing workers at Sempra Energy as you open the Cameron LNG Export Facility for business.
I don't say five anymore. What they've done to our country, we are a failing nation. We are a nation in decline. Look where we were three years ago, how well we were doing. Think of just one thing. We were energy independent. Gasoline was at $1.87. Now it's getting ready to break $5 again. Because we filled up the national strategic reserves, and they use that money to keep gasoline a little bit lower.
But saving this once incredible place begins with stopping the killing and the crime that's setting records every single week. Unbelievably crooked Joe Biden is going around trying to claim that crime is down. He says crime is down. Crime is so much up. First of all, we have a new form of crime. It's called the Biden migrant crime, right?
We will make America healthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America strong again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America proud again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America safe again. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will make America great again. [Audience calls out "Make America great again."]
We are going to cut taxes and create millions of new jobs.
He said, sir, we have no ammunition, we had all planes, we had planes that were so old, they didn't fly. We had people going to the desert, the plane graveyards, airplane graveyards, picking up parts. I'd never want to hear a President of the United States hear those words again. I never want to have a President hear the words, sir, we have no ammunition.
Make sure you go out and vote. God bless you. God bless you. [Applause]
And had we lost, and had I thought we lost, I wouldn't do it again because that's like the ultimate poll, right? But I knew how well we did and this time we made it too big to rig. It was so big. They tried. They tried. They tried like. Hell. No, but they tried. They tried to do it and around 902, they gave up. Last time, they did bad things.
Hold that up with pride. We love you, man, we love you. That is beautiful. Thank you. [Applause]
I said, "Generals, I've been told it's going to take a year, two years to get 100%." Remember I want to pull them out, we're down to 1%. Everyone went crazy like that one, but they said it's could take a long time. I said to Raisin Cane and the other generals, "Generals, how long can it take?" They said, "Sir, one month." I said, "What?" "We're going to hit them from the front.
We're going to enforce all violations of trade rules that hurt United States workers of which there are many. Lift the restrictions on the production of American energy.
Now, four weeks ago, Germany was at 3 million tests. So I don't know what they are now, but I know they're not anywhere near where we are.
And a great champion. A great, great athlete. Great champion. Thank you. He is tough. You'll want to have him on your side. Another one you want on your side always is Mike Turner. Mike, thank you. Thank you, Mike. Great. Warren Davidson. Warren, thank you. And, Bob Latta, thank you very much.
No, we understand the disease. Well, you guys, I don't even talk to you, you're already locked down. Are you going to ever open up? Congress, when are you going to get this guy, this clown, to open it up? Well -- make sure he can't get a site. Make sure when the President comes in to Pennsylvania, make sure he can't get a site.
Taxes too high, companies forced out, people losing their jobs, we can't compete, the taxes are too high. We're one of the highest- tax nation in the world, really the highest tax if you think about it. And we're going to be one of the lower tax. I'd like to say the lowest, we don't be, but one of the lower tax. So we're moving it down from 35 to 15 percent. And you watch the jobs.
[Inaudible].
I've taken -- I want. I want. You're like greedy. I want more. I want more. Now I do but I want it for the United States. We're going to take in money. We're going to take in money. We're going to take it. We're going to take it in. We're going to bring it in. But I have these candidates and they say all sorts of things and a bunch of it. And some of it's right.
And I want to ensure that their outstanding work is sustained forever. And that's what we've done by doing this. So, we are just 48 days away from the most important election in American history. The most important. The most -- stand up. Just -- now, you can stand up. They didn't put your name down. Turn around.
That's going to happen. And I'll tell you with me, you're going to make more money than they've ever made before. You're going to have the best salaries, the lowest taxes. You're going to be doing better than you ever did. And we're going to put this into motion fast. You can do it very fast. It's very simple, too.
She ran for office on a, " I will get Trump." Did you ever see her? [Audience member response "Yep"]
And I'm saying this in front of the fake news, because if I'm wrong, you're going to report me, right? Who is No. 1 in the world on Facebook? He walked in, but that's us. He walked in for -- we had dinner recently, just because I want them to pay taxes. I want to find out what's going on. But he walked in, he's smart and he said, "I just want to congratulate you." Small dinner, a few people.
I started speaking at 12:30, now Election Day. I'll never forget it. We had 32,000, almost as many as we have tonight. And, And I said, I said to my team, "We have to -- This is it." You know, we've done five, but actually six because we ended up last night around 2:00 in the morning in Miami. So we can say that includes this, so that would be six.
So we get Bergdahl, right? One guy and they knew that he was -- they knew that he was a traitor because they had a general and a colonel going and negotiating with the people that he was closest to. So they knew. So we get Bergdahl. They get five of the people that they most coveted that they've wanted for nine years and they got him.
But I can tell you personally, because I've been dealing with him for the months that he's been there, I'm very lucky and this country is very lucky that he did take that appointment because he's done a hell of a job. [Applause] And that's what we need in Washington, people who have the courage to stand strong for our values, our family, our nation, people who have the courage to challenge a failed system.
They're astounding. Even Doug was shaken up by what he heard. Do you believe that, Doug, what you've been reading? It's just -- it's just very dishonest stuff. But it was faith that led the pilgrims to cross an ocean and settle this majestic continent. And we're going to keep it majestic. It was belief in our creator that moved the patriot farmers to stand strong for the liberties at Concord Bridge 250 years ago this April.
Again, with your vote, we will destroy inflation bring down prices and prices are going to come down very substantially, achieve incredible economic growth, make America wealthy again. And we will bring back -- most importantly, we're going to bring back a thing called the American Dream. The American Dream is dead right now.
And everybody knows it. So you're looking here really at a plant and the wreckage of NAFTA and the wreckage of China's entrance into the World Trade Organization. America has lost nearly one-third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997. This is America we're talking about, since 1997, driven by these two Hillary Clinton understood and backed, and Bill Clinton, certainly, as the President's initiatives.
And I can tell you, drugs were there and lots of other things, human trafficking in women, in women. You know, the human trafficking is largely in women. How about this? Their open border policy, it's not even believable, 325,000 children are missing, dead, or sex slaves or slaves. Three -- [Audience boos] Think of that.
They're dumping it all over our country." I said, "Is it good?" He said, "It's okay. It's not as good, but it's okay. But we can't do it for that." And I put a 50% tariff on all machines, washing machines and dryers coming into our market. And Whirlpool now is a thriving success. They like me at Whirlpool.
He goes and says for year, there will be no frack then he goes and he says there will be fracking, because he comes here. Somebody explains it, you have a million jobs in fracking. And he goes, "Oh, I didn't know that. Oh, uh, well, I never said that." For a year he said it many, many times. We only put four or five versions of it up.
And our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded. That was the 33.1% that the fake news doesn't wanna talk about. Think of that. Faster than any nation in the world. In the past five months we've created a record 11.4 million American jobs. That's all right. Nobody has, we've never done that.
Is that okay? Crazy. Do you ever see some of the records that are being broken? Records that were good for 18 years and now they're being -- Yeah, weightlifter. But can you imagine weightlifting records being broken by 150 pounds? They'd put an ounce on each side, one ounce. They'd put another ounce on the other side.
We have the fine --" and they had all the broken equipment that they had to keep going on a shoestring. They have brand new Coast Guard cutters. We had to do it, we had to do it. There's always time for the other, but we had to do it. We've rebuilt our military, we've taken care of the great people that work in our military.
How about this David Muir and the other woman I never heard of? I don't know. How the hell did she get there? I never heard of her. But David Muir, when I say, "Crime numbers are rising," he interrupts me, kept interrupting. And he said, "We have it by fact that crime numbers are going down." I said, "Anybody that thinks crime is going down is a serious brain problem."
She was the mother of four and was killed while pushing her infant child in a stroller just walking down the street. Shot. It breaks all of our hearts to see it. It's horrible. It's horrible and it's only getting worse. This shouldn't happen in our country. This shouldn't happen in America. So we send our thoughts and prayers to the family and we also promise to fight for a much, much better tomorrow.
And they say that, to win, we have to be, like -- if we're six down, we're in okay shape. But we're one up. That's pretty good. So that's for the senators and for the congressmen and women. So that's it. But you're doing fantastic, Kevin.
I have to meet people. We have to meet people. And I said, "You know, this could be a little bit shaky, right? The meeting a lot of people, but we have no choice." And, you probably haven't heard but I caught it. I caught it. Did anybody know that? I caught it. And then you get better and you're immune, and they say you're immune for a year.
We recently announced that we are replacing NAFTA with that brand new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement that will increase exports for corn farmers in Indiana, wheat farmers in Kansas, dairy farmers in Wisconsin, poultry farmers in Georgia, and farmers and producers all across the country. All across. Going to be able to export your product now to places you never even thought about.
And there are others you know I just did the very point job whereas saying was under construction for like 25 years or something nobody even knows you know you ask him how long. And they don't really even know that I've no idea how much they spend. And we got that when open. It's a tremendously big success in the Bronx.
In fact, Apple -- as you know, Terry makes a lot of the product -- laptops, iPhones -- makes a lot of them for Apple. And Apple is spending $350 billion. Billion. There's another case. I would have been happy with $350 million, right? But they're spending $350 billion on plants, on building an incredible campus. And Terry is very happy about that.
Forty-five percent of African-American youth live in poverty. 58 percent of African-American youth don't have jobs. More than 3,000 people have been shot in the city of Chicago, Obama's hometown, since the beginning of the year. That's since January. Not a long time. Homicides are up nearly 50 percent in Washington, D.C., and more than 60 percent in Baltimore.
Okay. I have no doubt. It's a great company. Les Daniels, USTR, ACTPN. Okay? Dan DiMicco. We've been fighting the steel things for 20 years together, Dan. I'd like to say "30," but I don't want to do that. Right? We've been fighting together for a lot longer than 20 years on the --
You have to go out. You have to vote on Tuesday. You will never be disappointed with me. I'm not going to disappoint you. We are going to bring our country back. We are going to take our country back. We are going to have victories again. You are going to be so proud of your family, yourself, your President and your country.
They don't use guns. They'd rather use knives because it's more painful and it takes longer. These are bad people -- in Boston, Massachusetts, which is a place where you have sanctuary cities.
My reforms on taxes, trade, regulation, and energy will add at least 25 million new jobs in the next decade. We will make America the greatest place in the world to invest, hire, grow, and to create new jobs, new technologies, and entire new industries. First, we will cut taxes for all working and middle-class households in America.
Nothing's happened with your Social Security. We will continue to confirm judges who will support and defend the Constitution of the United States. We will fully secure the border. We will pass Kate's law. We will stop sanctuary cities. We will do all of it. And, folks, I'll tell you what, we have a tremendous opportunity to do something tremendous, just so great for our country.
Thank you, Doug. He's a great governor. He's a great, great governor. What a job he's done. And you know what? We're not gonna take her time or anything, but Martha McSally is here. She's saving your Second Amendment. She's been a great, great senator. Martha, come here, honey. She's been a great, great senator, and just go out and vote for Martha McSally.
Does this happen with anyone else? [Applause] Man. Look at them. Unbelievable. Now, here's another one. Here's another beauty. Get him out. Oh, Bernie. Bernie. It's another Bernie sign. Get out of here Bernie. Get out of here Bernie. It's another Bernie sign. Get her out of here. Out. That's a Bernie supporter folks.
That's why we have renamed the Department of Defense at Department of War, as I said, and we have changed the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. That was easy. That was an easy one. You know, for years I've looked at it and I added it up and I figured I, we have 92% of the frontage. I say, "How come we call it the Gulf of Mexico?" I mean, I wouldn't say that Mexico is thrilled with me, but what are you gonna do? It's the Gulf of America, and I love it now.
She discarded it. That, in itself, is a major crime. Other people have been paying tremendous prices for what they've done, which is peanuts compared to what happened with Hillary Clinton. 33,000 e-mails are missing, and that's OK? Didn't give them to the FBI. Didn't give them to the Attorney General, and that's OK? Wipes her server clean.
And yet, we defend them against Russia. I said to Angela, who I like a lot, actually. I get along with her, actually, good. I got along with her very good. But she's tough and she's smart. And she takes advantage of the United States. I said, "So Angela, we defend you from a country that you're giving billions and billions of dollars to a month.
If you do, doesn't it make sense, instead of doing -- I mean, if you don't have the money, you just go home and you sit there and it's -- you lose hope, and if you do have money, you go all over the world trying to find a cure. So right to try, remember it. That was a big deal. We also passed veterans choice.
We have to remember that. They represent our highest ideals, our greatest values and our most noble characteristics. When our police are attacked, our entire nations is attacked. Remember that. Remember that.
So we're going to build -- we're going to build -- we are going to build safe havens. We're going to have the Gulf states who have nothing but money. They're going to pay for it. We have 20 trillion in debt. If it's OK, I'm not going to spend that because we have $20 trillion in debt. And we -- we still have to rebuild our country.
What a dope. I mean, look, he did one of the worst jobs in the history of politics, he should have won his election if he devoted the energy and the time to winning his election against Obama four years ago, we wouldn't be wasting time here today. This guy was a disaster, OK? You know, I always hate second guessers.
These prosecutors are vicious, horrible people. They're racists, and they're very sick. They're mentally sick. They're going after me without any protection of my rights by the Supreme Court or most other courts. In reality, they're not after me. They're after you. And I just happen to be the person that's in the way.
Now, my biggest pieces are yet to come. Hopefully taxes. Hopefully health care. Hopefully infrastructure. And when they come, that won't be good enough either. See who it was. [Laughter] But we've also done a record number of resolutions to eliminate the job-killing regulations on our workers, our companies and our farmers. They're gone. They're gone. [Applause] We are ending the federal intrusion into your family farms and your ranches. [Applause]
Over the last little while -- you know, every time, it's always a big deal. When I said that Obama -- and of course, I'm being sarcastic. And they know that because after I said that, I said he's the MVP, he's going to collect his MVP award. OK.
She comes up -- I've been talking about it for many years. It has been happening for many years but I've been talking about it for years. But I've been making -- who has been looking at my speeches over the last couple of years up in Michigan? Is that right? I'm telling them and you know, I'll tell you again, right now as we're here, you have the leaders of companies negotiating right this second to make deals to move out into Mexico and other countries.
You're pulling a wagon like a child pulls a wagon, and it's loaded up with a battery. So we got to get back to common sense. The aircraft, too. They want to make our jet fighters a biofuel jet fighter that shows 18% less efficiency. That's the difference between winning and losing a fight. And you know what happens?
People use it, spend a lot of money. There, they have a lot of Jerusalem stone, you're in Jerusalem. But... [Laughter] ... I said, David, "Will you do me a favor? Let's do it, but make it $400,000, OK? Make it beautiful, David. Make it beautiful." He said OK. So here's the story, $1.1 billion and it will never get built.
Like they have never seen. You watch. Like they have never seen. [Applause] Thank you. Applause] If we lower our taxes and we're getting a massive tax reduction -- and by the way, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes substantially. [Booing] If we remove destructive regulations, unleash the vast treasure of American energy. We have so much energy. It's being destroyed, our economic worth.
It hits a flame, it goes up. The leaves -- every once in a while, you have to remove the leaves because they are so -- a guy smoking a cigarette, he throws it away, he doesn't mean it. The thing catches on fire and we lose 400,000 acres and people are killed. You got to have management. But he called me up the other day, recently -- let's say four weeks ago or so. He said, "I just want to tell you you're a great President and you're one of the smartest people I've ever met." That's what he said.
There's never been probably anything like it in terms of the enormity. And there are a lot of bad things happen at the people that do the check-in. And they're looking at 10-year jail sentences if they do play. We're going to treat them so good. But if they cheat, the repercussions are going to be extremely strong.
And I said, "All right, so ask them for more." So, we asked them for more, 10 percent. It didn't bother them. That's what they said, but it did bother him. But they're great players, they're great poker players. It didn't bother them. I said, "Well, ask them for more, ask them for more and more until it bothers them."
We want to get their leaders because, you know, ISIS supposedly the leaders are -- ", don't they realize that the first time before they finish the first sentence four months ago, those leaders have already found new places. Don't they understand that? General Douglas MacArthur, where are you, sir? Where is our General George Patton?
Fred, thank you. Thank you very much. Central Casting, doing a great job. Thank you. And Congressman Dan Meuser. Dan, thank you very much. Thank you. Great people. Great people. They worked with us on the impeachment hoax. Now it turned out that it was really a hoax because they found out that I was right when I spoke to the president, right?
They can take them -- he said, they make love to their computer. I said, I don't want to hear about that. It doesn't sound too good. He said, they can take apart the most complex computer instruments and literally put them back blindfolded. So when they go into some guy that's ripping off the country by doing some of the things you've just heard or what you're going to hear, they can't be bullshitted.
We're going to bring back safety. We're going to bring education to the inner cities. And I say, because there's such unbelievable potential in terms of people within our inner cities. And I say, honestly folks, what do you have to lose? It's so bad now. What do you have to lose? I will fix it [Inaudible] we are going to spend and we are going to bring those jobs back [Inaudible] do you have to lose to the African-American community, and to the Hispanic community? [Applause]
No, you know, it's amazing. We have Washington Times at 62%; CBS, 59%; Fox, 62%; Fox Las Vegas, 62%. So they all say. Then I go back home after the debate, I like to see how did I do. Did I look good? Looking good is very important, right? Sometimes it's not as much like what you say, it's how did you look.
We're not going to give that, sir." I said, yes, you are, 100%. He said, "What do you mean?" I said, 100%. Here's the story. It was a Thursday afternoon. I said on Monday morning at 9:00, we're putting a 25% tariff on everything that Mexico sells to the United States, including the 32% of our automobile practice and manufacturing that they stole.
So the corporate inversion I believe will stop. The Democrats wanted to put a law against it. You can't put a law against it. It doesn't work that way. The corporations will stay in this country. They're going to bring their money back in a very reasonable cost and they can put that money to work in this country and it's so easy and the thing that bothers me is the Democrats agree, the Republicans agree, you know that everybody agrees, they've been talking about it for three years and it never gets done.
They are not agents of Russia. These people are sick. That's pencil neck. Pencil neck again, a little pencil. No, I just see it again. I was told that was happening. I was told a week ago. They said, you know they're trying to start a rumor. It's disinformation. That's the only thing they're good at. They're not good at anything else.
We are not going back we're going on to victory, going on to victory. [Inaudible] take it away as fast as it came, and as Mike Pence said a little while ago, "That's why we want a little more time. It's going to be cemented, it's going to be cemented." You know we have a big decision to make. You know what I'm going to say, "We have to come up with a theme for the new campaign, right?
He was so incredible. Franklin Graham was amazing. The son of Billy Graham who was, you know, there's nobody -- nobody that I've ever seen. Billy Graham was unbelievable. If anybody's going to his crusades, that were incredible. But -- so I think we're going to do, you know, we're doing really well with the Evangelicals.
It's not sustainable for our country. So we're going to deport, and we're going to get it back, and we're going to bring our country back, and we're going to make our country bigger and better and stronger than ever before. Thank you. Thank you very much.
So many things. And you look at the money that NATO is getting now. They're probably saying in Russia, you know, if we did like this guy, we've made a big mistake. We'd rather have crooked Hillary Clinton. I think they would much rather have Hillary. But getting along with other countries -- and you're talking nuclear powers, in all fairness.
That's not a good thing. So, Kamala gives rich people $7,500 tax breaks to buy luxury electric cars. A lot of people don't know that. Yet, she makes the working class pay more for a entry-level car that's powered by gasoline which we have so much of. And I will reverse this also this injustice on day one.
We're going to get them out so fast. It's a very bad situation. We're going to be paying a price for that for a long time. Who could want that? Who could want that? Who could want it? They are either very stupid, which they're not. You can't cheat on elections like that and be stupid. They're either very stupid or in the alternative, they truly hate our country.
They sit down to dinner at the beautiful dining table, and they end up getting damaged. "Sir, you have a problem. The chairs break." That's a big problem. The centerpiece of my plan for a manufacturing renaissance will be a 15 percent made in America tax rate. So, pretty simple. So, listen to how simple it is and how good it will be.
She's never seen a war she doesn't like because they know she's a globalist fool. These globalists are fools. We want to help the globe if possible. We got to help ourselves first. Our country is in horrible distress because they know she's a globalist and can be easily manipulated to obtain and send hundreds of billions of dollars to Ukraine.
I said, "Thank you very much. Thank you very much." So we gave -- Mexico was a big contributor. I just wanted to set the record straight. You know, remember when I said if they don't give, we're going to build the wall 10 feet higher. I was going to do that, too. The massive costs of illegal immigration are now being experienced by communities all across the country and are destroying your children's education, their safety, and indeed their lives.
In less than four years, Kamala has shattered our middle class. You notice I don't mention Joe, crooked Joe. He's so crooked. It's hard to believe because they basically took the presidency away from me. They just walked up, said, "You're not running anymore." I don't use the word coup. It's too Frenchy-sounding for me, coup.
So, in the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but the heroes who risked their lives to keep us safe. And they guard -- You know, the thing that's incredible, I know so many police, they're so good. One bad apple and they're on for months, one bad apple, they go on for months, the thousands and tens of thousands of good things, nobody talks about it.
Right? And I've just announced that I will support a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of a parent or a loved one. These people are just not recognized. If they had to go through the hospital system, the people they're caring for, we wouldn't have hospitals. You could build hospitals every day in America, you wouldn't have enough.
I don't care where. I don't care where. We want that plant to be built in the United States and we want the jobs to be from the United States. And we don't want cars built in other countries like in Japan that are pouring into our country like millions and millions of vehicles, pouring into our country. Coming off in the case of Japan, the biggest ships I've ever seen.
It's great. And they ended it on just about day one, 48,000 jobs, not 8,000. They said 8,000, 48,000. Think of it. He rejected our pipeline, but he approved the Russian pipeline, which I had completely stopped going into Germany and all parts of Europe. So I stopped Russia, and I have a very good relationship with President Putin.
We are a nation that is begging Venezuela, Saudi Arabia, and many other nations for oil. Please, please, please help us, Joe Biden says, yet we have more liquid gold right under our feet than any other country. We are a nation that is consumed by the radical left's Green New Deal, yet everyone knows that the Green New Deal will lead to our destruction.
I'll never change one thing. You know what I will never change? Make America great again. I will never change. That's one thing.
And you know, there was an article recently that all presidents take documents out. They bring them out, all of them, virtually, every one of them in fairly modern times. If you look at Hillary Clinton set up a illegal private server in her basement specifically to break public disclosure laws. And that would expose her and her family's finances.
This is real change, and you're not even fighting for it. You're doing it just -- it's like, you're just doing it. We don't even have to fight for it. Once you're on the right path, you don't have to fight for it. You're just doing it. It's just happening, and it's happening, again, because you love what you're doing.
You give them the vote and then they'll say, So long folks
And I'm like, you know, I'm like -- I'm not happy. [Laughter] But after we land, I actually went to my people, and I said I want to ask you a question. I did a very brave thing just there. Is the president allowed to designate himself for the Congressional Medal of Honor? [Laughter] And they said, sir, honestly that wouldn't be good.
You'll hear me speak for a little while and all that. We're all wasting our time. Somebody called, a major major reporter, great reporter, actually, I am very liberal in this case and that's OK. They could be good too. They're putting their point of view. But the question was, how does it feel? I said, how does what feel?
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the United States should look to our past, and you will doubt it no longer. We will not permit America or our allies to be blackmailed or attacked. We will not allow American cities to be threatened with destruction. We will not be intimidated. And we will not let the worst atrocities in history be repeated here, on this ground, we fought and died so hard to secure. [Applause]
Kamala will deliver you poverty and crime. That's all they're going to do. And by the way, she has slandered the people of the Catholic Church. [Audience boos] I don't know what it is with Catholics, but they are after Catholics. But we're going to protect the Catholics, too. We're going to protect -- I don't know what you -- what you did, Catholics, but you're being persecuted by Kamala and her group.
With support from many countries here today, we have engaged with North Korea to replace the specter of conflict with a bold and new push for peace. In June, I traveled to Singapore to meet face to face with North Korea's leader, Chairman Kim Jong Un. We had highly productive conversations and meetings, and we agreed that it was in both countries' interest to pursue the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. Since that meeting, we have already seen a number of encouraging measures that few could have imagined only a short time ago.
They only kill consequential presidents, remember that. But this is why. If you're one of the countries that's affected, you're not happy with what I'm saying. When they used to say they liked Barack Hussein Obama. Of course, they do because he did nothing to help us. When they like Biden, who doesn't know he's alive, of course, they like him because he does nothing to bring your businesses back.
And he's not doing well, but hey, that's his problem. I mean, you know, he was not for me. But if you look at -- and that was for political reasons -- but if you look at what is going on, now they're all talking about -- in fact, the other day I saw very interestingly one of the announcer, you know, Donald Trump is having a very positive effect on these races. The Republicans are going to hold. They're doing terrifically well, far better than anyone thought.
If you have money -- I know people, they traveled all over the world begging for a cure. We have the greatest medical people, the greatest medicines in the world. Now you have the right to try, and it's going to work plenty. It's a big thing. We just secured $6 billion for the new funding to fight the opioid epidemic, $6 billion.
Not to talk to him, because I didn't even want to talk to him. I was so disappointed at him because he let us down. He let us down. You know, it's one thing you lose, and you work and you work and you go. He let us down. He should have won. Something happened, or he went away. He was gone. He was horrible in the third debate.
And I'm thrilled to be back in Michigan. We've done a lot of work in Michigan. A lot of plants are opening. A lot of plants stopped -- we stopped them from closing. And we kept your workers here in Michigan and in the United States -- different places, as you know, all over the United States. But it's an honor to do it. It's one of the reasons I'm standing here.
Because coming from the private sector, I know how to negotiate. I do deals. In fact, I'm doing a big hotel in Washington that I got from the United States Government under the Obama administration. Now that's negotiating, right? On Pennsylvania Avenue. I figure, if I don't make it to the White House, at least I'll have a hotel right nearby, right?
I said, "David, how good is the site?" "We could never buy a better site." They were willing to spend tens of millions for a site. They wanted to buy a site which was so bad. It was totally inferior to what we already had. Don't forget, we get there first, right? You know, we have good sites.
We're going to do it. After we win, I'm going to be coming back to Michigan a lot. I'm going to be coming back every time we open a new factory or a new automobile plant, and we will do it and we'll do a lot of expansion. We're going to do a lot of expansion. I know exactly what to do, folks. We're not going to lose your jobs anymore.
Paul Ryan and other leaders in Congress and I, and Mike Pence -- how good a choice was vice president Mike Pence?
But it got so bad. You know you still have to get there, you still have to get there. So about probably a year ago I said, "Take the oil. Bomb the oil. Take the oil. Give some of the oil to the wounded warriors and to the parents of soldiers that are lost. Parents of soldiers that were killed in Iraq. Give them some.
It doesn't even have to be perfect. It's won't take any -- They don't want to give it up. You know why? Because they want to cheat. They want to cheat. There's only one reason. "We won't give you voter ID with the meeting starting off." "All right, we're all set to start, sir, but, uh, we will not give up on voter ID." "Why?" "Because you're cheaters.
Not only did Democrats universally oppose tax cuts, but every single Democrat voted no on better healthcare. They voted no. Every single one. The one thing they do great is obstruct. They're great at obstruction. They're wonderful at sticking in a bloc. They rarely break up, although I think we're going to break them up a little bit because a lot of them are saying nice things about me in certain states that we won by a lot, and they're running in races. You know about that, right?
It's very simple. All right. Same day voting, Mike. We're just 31 days from the most important midterm election in American history. And we need a landslide so big that the radical left cannot rig it or cannot steal it. Early voting begins October 22nd, but far better than voting by mail-in ballot, far better.
But much of that case, we won. It's won. I don't mean we settled that. We've won. Much of that case, they missed the statute, the limitations and most of it is going away but nobody writes that nobody wants to write that. The rest of it we're doing very well. We have a very hostile judge because to be honest with you, the judge should have thrown the case out on summary judgment.
Who would've thought that's possible? Who would have thought that's possible? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. And above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one big beautiful America. We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States.
And now they say -- they put -- it's like going to Dana White. You know Dana White, UFC? And he sees the fight going on, and the one guy is getting beaten badly. They say, "Let's take him out and put somebody else in." You don't do that stuff. But they did it. Not a democracy. You don't do that. And, you know, she was last out of the 13 people.
And outside, you probably know what's going on. There are thousands and thousands of people. And we've decided from now on, we're going to put up screens and loud speakers so people can stay around. Because this happens all the time.
And it comes over the border. So they're all of the everybody is affected. When you look at the gangs in Los Angeles a lot of those gangs are illegal immigrant visa tough dudes. By the way they will be out of there so fast. They won't be out of there so fast. They'll be out before I start the wall. I'll be starting out the wall fast.
Thank you.
You lose, you lose. It's worse than a poll. But I saw the lack of spirit in this country. For four years, it was a dark horrible place. And for people of religion, they were arresting your pastors, they were arresting if you went to church and you had a service outside and the reason outside because you had the COVID and you could go outside to arrest everybody for even having the service.
We've had a tremendous relationship. It's the biggest mobilization since World War II, and, uh, it was an incredible job. Now, what we're doing is we're making, we continue to make thousands a month, and we're sending them to foreign countries who were desperate for ventilators, and would have no idea, there would be no way they could ever get them, including -- I mean, we send them to France and we send them to Spain and Italy, but we send them to countries in Africa who are really having a terrible hard time, and we're sending thousands of them to other countries, andI just think it's a tremendous story and it's something that we did that we're very proud of and it's something that nobody talks about.
And they say, "Come back. Just come back in four or five years for a trial." Nobody comes back, because they're too smart to come back and deported illegal alien gang members by the thousands and thousands, MS13, by the thousands, and tens of thousands, we got them out. Now, they leave them in our country.
There are many forms of cheating, but it was far more votes that we needed to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. And think of it, they said, "It can't be done anymore. But let's forget about 2020." OK, so what the hell is that all about? [Audience boos]
And for 18 months, we didn't lose one soldier in Afghanistan, think of it. Eighteen months, right? [Applause] And then these stupid people took over, and we lost those beautiful soldiers, most importantly, were lost. And other people -- many people were killed that day. Many, many people, people that were from Afghanistan, many, many people.
This guy's unbelievable. So, what happens is, he was there last night, by the way, he got the biggest hand you've ever seen. People love him. But they said, "Do you know Elon Musk?" He didn't know. And I said, "Yeah, I do. Why? What do you need?" He said, "They have something called Starlink. Starlink."
It's not even a big story. Mainstream media hardly covers it. They hardly talk. Think about it, she got the debate questions against Bernie Sanders, probably got the ones against me too, but we won that debate very easily, those debates. [Applause]
And I'm truly honored to have their endorsement as well. Patrick, thank you, wherever you may be. Thank you, Patrick. That's really nice. I'd have you up here, but I don't think Secret Service will allow anybody to get through this. It's gotten a little tight. That's good. That's supposed to be that way.
Why is it that his grandmother said he was born in Kenya, and then 51 seconds later, with all those handlers in the room, it was like, what I mean. Why how did this all happen? How did this happen? So I ask another question. He got the Nobel Peace Prize. I can't think of it. He got the Nobel Peace Prize.
I'm honored to be here today among so many of our really and truly great heroes. I want to begin by thanking General Votel and General Thomas for their distinguished leadership and service on behalf of our country. Very, very outstanding people. I'd also like to thank General Dunford, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Right? I'm only doing this one time. I'm going to promise because I'm sure I'm very late for my next rally. I'm sure they're all waiting for me. [Audience member calls out "We thank you."] I'm only -- but this is the kind of thing I should only have to say once. And when they say, "He gave a long and rambling speech."
Him and his whole group of people, they're incredible. These are incredible people. You know, it's much easier for him not to do the job, but they don't want that. They want to straighten out our country. They love the country as much as anybody in this room. They want to work. It's risky. It's dangerous.
Right.
And you see what's happened, billions and billions and trillions of dollars is coming back into the country. We're the hottest economic force anywhere in the world, anywhere in the world, and taking in more. With a lower rate, we're taking in more money than we did with a higher rate. That's a pretty good statement.
But all of that starts with rejecting Kamala Harris at the ballot box this election. Number one, she doesn't know what the hell she's doing. She doesn't know. She can't do an interview. How do you think she'll do against President Xi? She can't do an interview. And I'm not even saying she's stupid for not doing that.
We will lead our party back to together. We will lead our party back to together. We will lead our party back to the White House and we will lead our the White House and we will lead our the White House and we will lead our country back to safety, prosperity and country back to safety, prosperity and country back to safety, prosperity and Peace, we will be a country of generosity and we will be a country of generosity and we will be a country of generosity and warmth.
Every auto worker in this state, they're all going to be made in China. They're going to an all-electric policy. Well, we have more liquid gold under our feet than any country in the world, but we don't have what you need for an electric car. But China does and its territories do, and we're not going to let it happen.
These people are, some of them that we're running against, in particular, Senator Cruz. He'll say anything. He'll say, for instance, I'm very strong on the Second Amendment. He'll say, Donald Trump doesn't like the Second Amendment, wants to get away with that, do away with that. I say, where does he come up with this stuff?
That didn't work out too well for him. The Biden border crisis is also fueling a crime wave, the likes of which our country has never seen. Already in 2022, murders are up over 40% in Atlanta over last year's high of -- this was -- we're seeing murders in our big cities, all Democrat-run, all Democrat-run, including, I hate to say, Atlanta.
And everybody is talking about it. Thank you, Ben. Great job. And I also want to thank the President of the National Association of REALTORS, John Smaby. Where is he? Where is he? Hi, John. Please, stand up. Thank you, John. Great job. Thank you, John. Popular. Where is CEO Bob Goldberg?
We don't have ammunition. I said that should never be said to another president again, and now we have so much ammunition. We don't know what to do with it, so we have totally rebuilt our military, the finest equipment anywhere in the world. Nothing even close, no other country has anything even close. The fake news was said.
They violated the red line. He did nothing. So Russia went in, and Iran went in. But you know what? We had 59 missiles -- and they use gas -- and we said you can't do that and we hit them -- our great military -- from ships 700 miles away, 59 missiles and 59 perfect hits. [Applause]
It can be a nasty place, but the things we've done -- things we've done -- and everybody says it, including the Democrats when they're are not on television or not talking to a mic. They cannot believe what we've done and they want to stop it as fast as possible, and we're not going to let that happen. With your support, we will keep on cutting your taxes, reducing your regulations and raising up your incomes, which have already gone up a lot over the last two years.
What China's done to our country is the greatest theft in the history of the world. It's really true. They've taken our jobs, they've taken our people, they've taken our money. You know, we have now a trade deficit with China of $505 billion a year. Five hundred and five billion a year and it's going to remain that way.
But it's common sense. Some -- a lot of this is -- you know, they say, politics -- politics -- great politics is common sense. But on my first day in office, I ended the war on American energy. And that's common sense, I think. You know, that's common sense. We're lucky. You go to places like China, they don't have oil and gas.
The United States, after having spent over $2.5 trillion since my election, to completely rebuild our great military, is also, by far, the world's most powerful nation. Hopefully it will never have to use this power. Americans know that in a world where others seek conquest and domination, our nation must be strong in wealth, in might and in spirit.
We're going to win the White House. And we're going to bring back your jobs which we have to have back and we want them back soon. We're going to negotiate fair trade deals that put American workers back to work, that put America first.
Evers. And we have somebody that's incredible. And, you know, it takes a lot of courage to do what he's doing. It took courage to do what I'm doing. I can tell you, Tim, enjoy your life, Tim. But it takes a lot of courage. But he's the real deal. You know, under my administration, Tim served on my infrastructure task force.
I could take a couple of these guys. They're friends of mine. They're not good people. They're better than Joe. I will tell you. No, do you believe what I'm running against? I'm running against the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics. I don't care. Win, lose, or draw. This is the worst candidate in the history.
This is a big hangar it's packed. Now the press, the press which is so dishonest, they won't show that. They won't show that. [Audience yells "Boo"] Now, they don't show it. They don't show it. You know, I just went through -- I came up, they asked me a couple of weeks ago. What do I think of -- thank you very much.
These are tough, tough people. MS-13, they don't like using guns because they're not painful. They use knives, and they chop people up Long Island. And if we didn't have the great patriots of ICE, who are tough people, but they love our country, and Border Patrol, they're great, they want to do their job.
We're negotiating with Canada. We're negotiating with Mexico. And I have politicians saying, "You must add this. You must make the deal." And I keep telling them, I don't care if I make a deal or not -- I'm telling this to the two countries. I couldn't care less if I make the deal. And then I got politicians, "He must make the deal with Mexico.
Welcome. Welcome. Oh, lift that teleprompter a little bit, please. Welcome. Wouldn't it be nice if she would actually get up and just talk to the crowd? It'd be real. And she had a speech this morning and they're reading teleprompters. You know, if she has a group of twelve people, she's got teleprompters in front.
Look -- look at what's going on now. How we're doing, I mean, honestly, I mentioned the president of Mexico. We have today 27,000 Mexican soldiers on the border, protecting our country and I'll take it. Because our laws are so bad, they're so pathetic, and the Democrats could change these laws. They could change him so quickly.
They negotiate better. They're tougher. They're much smarter than our leaders our leaders are dummies. They don't know what's happening. It's true. No they're incompetent. They're incompetent. Along with our sanctuary cities nobody even heard the term. And frankly I hate to brag. If it wasn't for me you would still never have heard of the word sanctuary city.
So I get hit with a call from my management people, who by the way did a fantastic job, Corey, Hope, everybody they're fantastic. And I get hit early in the morning that somebody did a robocall but -- but Cruz denied it. I said, "Well, that's right. Who would do -- this is the day of the election. You just sort of don't do that stuff you're not supposed to but that, I didn't mind.
No administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days -- that includes on military, on the border, on trade, on regulation, on law enforcement -- we love our law enforcement -- and on government reform.
Stays with those preachers. Rick Allen and Marjorie Taylor Greene. Thank you, Rick. Thanks, Rick. Great job, Rick. Thank you, Marjorie. You know, I've known Marjorie from the beginning, and she's an amazing political person. I don't like to say politician. She's beyond that. She's really loved and respected by so many people.
Remember, he said I was born for this? Anybody that says they are born for this remember Beto he was on the cover of a magazine I won't mention the magazine they are back there is a total phony magazine, but he was on the cover of a magazine and he said I was born to run forPresident. He was born for it.
And we're just -- we just want to be treated fairly with other nations because there's hardly a nation in the world, and I blame this on us and I blame it on politicians, that for some reason I'm -- probably mostly it's stupidity. But you could also say other reasons, but mostly stupidity, they've allowed other nations to take advantage of the US, and we can't allow that to happen anymore.
It's amazing, considering that the Democrats' No. 1 priority was to make sure that the wall would never, ever get built, would never, ever happen, would never get financed, we got it financed. We ended catch and release, ended asylum fraud, and brought illegal crossings to historic lows. When illegal aliens trespassed across our borders, they were promptly caught, detained, and sent back home.
Thank you.
Your Governor, Greg Abbott. Greg. Where is he? Where's Greg? Thank you Greg. And a great governor and a great friend of mine. Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick. Thanks Dan. Thank you Dan. Look at him in the corner, so shy. Thank you Dan. Great job, Dan. Attorney General Ken Paxton. Thanks, Ken. And Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller.
They call them mules. These are ballot stuffers. These are people. They call them mules. Ballots in Georgia and other swing states were trafficked and sold on an unprecedented scale. And the brutality. And it was just incredible what took place. And we have it on tape. It's all on tape, and it's coming out over the next three weeks.
It's horrible to watch. It's horrible to see. But he made that speech with that horrible red background, that background might've been worse than the beach. That was a horrible, nasty background. And he talked about "MAGA, MAGA, MAGA." And if I would've said, "What does MAGA stand for?" He has no idea. Make America great again, right?
All my life -- that's right. Make America great. I couldn't have said it better than you did. Thank you. Thank you, darling. All my life, I've been committed to advancing fairness and opportunity for the African American community. And today, I am here before you with the empty -- and we have to say, we've had so many people with empty political rhetoric.
America First, remember that. Under this American system, every policy decision we make must pass a simple test. Does it create more jobs and better wages for Americans? It's a test. If we lower our taxes, remove destructive regulations and we have to do that, unleash the vast treasure of American energy and negotiate trade deals that put America first, then there is no limit to the number of jobs we can create and the amount of prosperity we can unleash.
And Don Jr.'s really good. He's like a +5 hunter, but he's really good. And I'll tell you, the two of them left along with 100 other people. Ninety-eight people came back within a half hour, and these two guys were gone for three days. They came back when they were supposed to come back, but it wasn't supposed to be 20 degrees below zero.
By the way, you don't mind if I go off script a little bit because, you know, it's sort of boring. It's a little boring. [Applause] Got this beautiful speech, everything is wonderful but a little boring. We have to, you know --
And, you know, it's an amazing thing: When I did that and when I did a couple of others -- the environmental bills, the Clean Waters Act. How about that? It sounds so beautiful. The theme is so beautiful. In fact, when I did it, I said I'm going to be killed on this one, and I did it. And I was surrounded by farmers and developers, builders that build houses, and others. And they never cried; they're very strong people. They never cried a day in their life. They were almost all crying. I said, "What was... " -- it was a big, strong guy -- "... when was the last time you cried?" "I can't remember, sir." I gave them back their life. You know, that took away -- [applause] -- right? -- that took away -- that took away their life.
Yearly budget deficits, massive. Our trade deficits, we don't even want to talk about it. Our budget deficits are massive. Hillary Clinton wants to shut down energy production and shut down the mines and she wants to shut down, and she said it just recently, she wants to shut down the miners. I want to do exactly the opposite.
My administration has fought to deliver greater security, affordability, fairness, economic stability to our nation's seniors. Under eight years of the previous administration, premiums for Medicare health plans went up, including a 25 percent increase right here in Florida. That's for the previous people.
We're losing a fortune every single month. We lose a fortune. They've got to pay up, folks. They've got to pay up and we want to get along with everybody, OK? They got to pay up. So we're going to have something that's very special. I'm going against the bosses. You know, I used to be a big contributor. I used to be, I guess, one of the bosses in a certain way.
And then when he said that, I knew that my favorite chapter would happen . And it didn't happen. He didn't talk about the kinds of things we want to hear about. But what are you going to do?
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer, infectious diseases like we're working on right now and ending the AIDS epidemic. Nobody thought this was possible in less now than nine years that it should have been started before. We will end the AIDS epidemic.
Everywhere I've traveled on this journey, I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. But even more, I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free and open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign and independent nations, with diverse cultures and many different dreams, can all prosper side-by-side, and thrive in freedom and in peace.
You know Michigan's having a lot of problems right, they're, losing the automobile industry. Tennessee, a great state. Tennessee was going to have a massive plant there, auto plant, all set to go and Mexico took it away before, right. Front page Wall Street Journal Mexico took it away a little while ago, so they've taken this massive automobile plant Michigan wants plants you want for everybody wants for who doesn't want plants, whether it's automobiles or not.
They actually don't want to have police. Minneapolis, they don't want to have police. They don't want to have police. What's going to happen? You saw the commercial we put up, a woman's being murdered. I'm sorry. We cannot take your call right now. We will call you back within the next 24 hours. A woman's being raped, right?
Can't find his way off the stage. See all the stairs around here? How the hell do you not -- "Where is the stair?" He says, "Where is the stair?" To show you how evil the press is, I did this routine where I stumbled and mumbled purposely, imitating him, and they put it on. They said, "He's cognitively impaired." Then I walked back.
He wants to end them. I gave you the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. I gave you the biggest regulation cuts in the history. That's why you had the biggest job numbers we've ever had. I'll also pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. Do you know what that is? When a country charges us a tax, we say, oh, what is it, 100%? Good.
Because you know, this was a race -- when it started I won by a lot. And -- and a lot of people said that this was not one that was going to happen. This was a while ago, and then Patrick came along and did unbelievably in the primary. He has won statewide a number of times so he's been -- he's been through it but he's won statewide.
We have seen the devastation at home from 9/11 to Boston to San Bernardino and many, many other places. We've seen attacks overseas in France, in Germany, in Belgium. It's time for intelligence and common sense to be used. [Applause]
They called you and us, do you remember this? They called us deplorables, that was a mistake. That was a big mistake. I'll never forget. I was making a speech after Hillary used the word deplorables, and I didn't think it was that bad, you know why? She used another word. You know what the other word was?
And less than three years ago, we had Iran, China, Russia, and North Korea in check. They respected us, they were afraid of us, they weren't going to do a thing against us and everyone knows it. Now, Russia and China are holding summits to carve up the world. And perhaps most importantly, we are a nation that is no longer admired, respected, or listened to on the world stage.
We're going to take them out. Get out and go home. If we have to, we're going to get them home or we're going to have to do worse than that. I don't want to fill up our prisons. I don't want to fill up our prisons. Our prisons are already full with other people's prisoners. You have to see. The prison population all over the world is at the lowest point it's been in many decades because they're dumping their prisoners into our country.
We got that from the military because I considered it an invasion, so I took it out of the military, which is just a small portion of their budget. But I took it out because that was an invasion. But Mexico, we had 28,000 soldiers free of charge, and it wasn't easy to get either . I went to them and I said, you got to give us 28,000 soldiers to protect us from people pouring through your country.
We're going to fight for America. I'm not a politician. My only special interest is you. You know, I built a great company, one of the great companies, one of the great real estate companies, some of the most incredible assets in the world, including Doral right down the road and lots of other things, buildings on the beach with a [Inaudible] family and with related -- we've had a tremendous career, but -- and I was on the other side.
They monetary manipulate and they are -- what they're doing is genius. They are world-class chess players with devaluation, and our country doesn't even know what to do. And the TPP, which is a horrible trade deal, that Obama is pushing along with some conservative Republicans, OK? And the reason it's horrible, the reason it's horrible is because they don't even talk about devaluations.
Together, we will deliver low taxes, low regulations, low energy costs, low interest rates, low inflation so that everyone can afford groceries, a car, and a home. We will stop the invasion and end migrant crime. We are going to totally stop this invasion. This invasion is destroying the fabric of our country.
And I mean, I know a lot of the governors in this room, you run a great state and you'll do great with education at a much lower price. We're going to give you whatever you need, but at a much lower price. We have people in Washington, D.C. that in all fairness, in many cases, don't give a damn about your pupils or your students or your states.
I'm not taking money. I'm for you. I'm for you. I'm for you. So a lot of things -- thank you very much, a lot of things -- this is a very friendly group here. I expect a couple of protesters. I -- I mean I'm sure some a couple of pro -- Did any protesters sneak in tonight? Anybody? Huh? So that's so nice.
So the banks are going to be doing great. Credit cards -- all of the things that you do so well. You're going to be able to now go into China and really do a job. And they're going to be working with you. One of the other things I have to say is that protection of intellectual property -- we have very strong protection of intellectual property.
Their numbers are very bad. But together, we will send Biden and the media and all of the people that are so bad to our country, big tech tyrants, a message they cannot ever censor, cancel or ignore. We will take back the House, we will take back the Senate, and we will take back America, and we will do it soon.
See, if I was Biden, I would've done that, but before I did it, I would've gone and bought stock. I would've bought Whirlpool stock. Hunter would've bought it because that way there's no conflict according to them. Let's go out and buy some Whirlpool stock that they had and then I want you to put tariffs on everything coming in. "Come on Dad, let's do it." And how about 500, you know, I'm supposed to put a painting up in the White House and another one up in the National Museum.
All I know is, we won against Abraham, Honest Abe. We won 53 to 47. Do you believe that, Abraham Lincoln? I went back to the First Lady, I said First Lady, I just beat Abraham Lincoln in a poll. I don't know if they had polls back there, but Abraham Lincoln. I always say I can be more Presidential than any candidate that ever ran than any President, other than maybe, Abraham Lincoln when he's wearing his hat.
You know the signs are made professionally. They have the masks, the whole thing. You know whenever you see a mask, by the way, the police tell me this -- Do we love our police? Do we love our police? OK. You better. Law enforcement does a great job. But they tell me, "Anytime you see a mask, they're professionals.", and they're all masks, so many people with masks on, because they go from one to the other, they agitate.
So I am asking every citizen from every party, community, background, race, color, religion and creed for the honor of your support. I need you to get your family. Get your friends. Get your neighbors. Get your co-workers and get out tomorrow and vote for Cindy Hyde-Smith. Ours is the greatest political movement, can you believe this, where we started three years ago in political [Inaudible], in political history, in history.
The chair is meant for old people to lift and young kids to lift, like, you know, four-year-old kids, right? And he can't lift it. He needs a little help. The whole thing is crazy. How he ever got that is crazy. And what happened to our country with inflation and with disrespect from all over the world and all these wars are starting all over the place.
I got them to give a lot. There was no mechanism. Remember, I used to say, "We'll get Mexico to pay for a big portion of the wall." Well, this cost them more money than the wall, and it wasn't easy. But I said, "If you don't do it, we're going to put tariffs on all your cars. We're going to do numbers on you like you wouldn't believe." "Sir, we would love to send you 28,000 free soldiers." Under Biden, we now have the worst border in the history of the world.
It's all a ruse, it's all a con. They're only interested in getting a trillion dollars, you guys know that, getting a trillion dollars for states that are badly run blue states, very badly run by governors and mayors like New York, Illinois, California, I won't name any more because to be honest, he's going, "Minnesota, I don't know." I don't like to be so personal but you do have some issues, I will say that.
Well, it's never good to try and destroy Social Security. It's never good to raise the minimum age to a very high level, which was not good. And to go against Medicare and try and obliterate it. These are a few of the good facts. It's also not good. When you look statistically at how he did on COVID. Not well at all.
Nobody talked about raiding Taiwan or going in and having a war with Ukraine. And we would have left Afghanistan with dignity and strength instead of the greatest embarrassment in the history of our country. I believe it was the greatest embarrassment in history. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as Crooked Joe Biden and the Biden administration has done.
Released by Crooked Joe Biden. Came in through the Biden administration. You know, it was very hard to get in through the Trump administration. I mean, you're never going to have it perfect, but we had it about as close as you're going to get. We had it. We had the best border in the history of our country.
And the cost of the typical new mortgage is down by nearly $3,000 a year. Day by day, we're making America affordable again, and it's going to be affordable again at a really record pace. And you know, other people are going to take credit, all the mayors and all the governors, they're going to say what a great job -- they didn't do a damn thing. [Laughter] Yet as we speak, the Democrats in Congress are trying to put all of this progress at risk and drag us back to the Biden policies of soaring prices, crushing energy costs, massive spending, open borders.
And if we have reporting and you go to your law enforcement -- and by the way, our police in this country are so incredible and we have to give them thanks. They're so incredible. I just met your chief backstage, the Greensburg Chief and I just met the sheriffs. Nobody is going to mess with those guys. They are great, great people.
We're two years ahead of schedule. I actually said to my daughter, let's not say two years because it doesn't even sound believable. But we're actually two years under schedule, ahead of schedule and under budget and it's right on Pennsylvania Avenue. I like it because this way, if I don't make the White House, I'll still be living on Pennsylvania Avenue 100%. But we're under budget, ahead of schedule, it's gonna open up to September of this year.
Well, I'm here to give her a demotion, not a promotion. [Applause] She can hide, and she can lie all the way through and with her surrogates and the corrupt media, but the truth is coming out. Right now, it's already coming out much faster than I thought. The American people are smart. They will not be manipulated by Hollywood, the fake news media, and all of the advertising.
Wow. This is amazing. Wow. Thank you, folks. Thank you. Redding, Redding. Oh, we love Redding. Thank you very much, everybody. [Applause]
And I said, drain the swamp. The place went crazy. So I liked it a little better. Then I did it again and again. And now everyone's screaming, when are we draining the swamp? What do we. And I tell the story, I knew Frank Sinatra -- Frank Sinatra had my way. Didn't like it. Didn't like it. Then he sang it, people loved it. Sang it again, people loved it. Then it goes out, it becomes the number one song.
We have to stop him. He's a genius." That wasn't working. Then they said, "This is one of the dumbest human beings ever." And that wasn't working, but I didn't like that one as much. I mean, that was bad. So, I asked Doc Ronny, who was, as you know, the White House doctor for Obama, for Trump. I mean, great doctor.
Ramaswamy. You know why he's leading him? Because he says Trump's been a great president. I like guys that I'm running against that say I've been a great president. Vote Ramaswamy. So, it's been -- it's been an incredible time. But all of these high rollers are now calling me. "Sir, I'd love to have dinner with you." I said, "You didn't want to have dinner six, seven months ago so much, right?" But you know you're doing well when all of those guys are calling and they're not giving him very much.
And no teacher should ever be allowed to teach transgender to our children without parental concent. Another one of our highest priorities under a Republican Congress, will be to stop left-wing censorship and to restore free speech. In America, we don't have it. We are fake news. We get a lot of fake news.
We seek harmony and goodwill among the nations of the world, and we believe that respect from mutual sovereignty helps form the basis of trust and understanding, but we don't want people taking advantage of us anymore. We don't want countries taking advantage of us anymore. We don't want that. We don't want that.
Ron is in fifth place. Well, that's a hell of a laugh. That's the guy that's voting for Trump, I'll tell you. He is. He's my friend, actually. But that is one hell of a laugh you have. I've never heard that before. But now he's in fifth place in New Hampshire, but I wish him luck. We wish him a lot of luck.
Mexico is killing us -- absolutely. We'll do the wall. Don't worry. We're going to do the wall. Applause] We're going to do the wall and by the way, who's going to pay for the wall? [Applause] Mexico's going to pay for the wall and it's very easy. The other politicians come down, you can't get Mexico to pay for the wall." I said And he announced that we will not be paying for the wall. Who does Mr. Trump think he is? They came to me -- the press.
On top of that, illegal immigration costs our country more than $113 billion a year. For the money we are going to spend on illegal immigration over the next ten years, we could provide one million at-risk students with a school voucher.
Before we begin, I'd like to take a few moments to discuss the deeply tragic situation in Texas and Louisiana. As we all know, our Gulf Coast was hit over the weekend with a devastating hurricane of historic proportion. Torrential rains and terrible flooding continue to pose a grave danger to life and to property. Our first responders have been doing absolutely heroic work to shepherd people out of harm's way, and their courage and devotion has saved countless lives. They represent truly the very best of America. [Applause]
Just a little different than what they did with the gun-toting FBI agents when they raided Mar-a-Lago. While Joe Biden used the DOJ to cover up his own crimes, he ordered his top political opponent, me, arrested. They arrested me right in the middle of our presidential election, which Joe Biden is losing by a lot, by a lot.
But the good news is now we're leading Biden by a lot and we're leading all of these Republicans by numbers that they've never even seen before, record numbers, and we may just have to do it again, right? We may have to do it again. We may have to do it again. But first we have to win a historic victory for the Republican party this November.
And we flew in, and it was pretty amazing. I'll tell you, we were landing, and there were no lights. No lights on the plane. "Sir, we have to turn off all lights." I said, "You mean we spend $9 trillion, and we have to fly in on Air Force One with the lights off?" And I went up to the pilot and said hello.
Real change also means restoring honesty to government. As you know the FBI has reopened its criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton. They're also conducting a second criminal investigation into Hillary's pay-for-play corruption at the State Department. It has just been confirmed that the 650,000 e-mails they discovered, that weren't turned in by the way, they discovered them.
And I will tell you, it would have never, ever happened in a million years under Trump, I can tell you that. We played right into their hands, but we will save our nation. And American power, prosperity, and prestige will come back, and it will come back strongly. Victory cannot come a moment too soon. You could take the five worst presidents in American history and put them together, and they would not have done the damage Joe Biden has done to our country in less than two years.
And they say Van Jones wants to thank everybody for criminal justice reform. So I called our great First Lady over, I said, "Darling, please take a look. It's gonna be so nice." Because, honestly, look they couldn't have done even close without me. I got all these people together. Got them done got -- It was impossible.
We took the military out first, left hostages, caused death and injury to many people. During the 18 months before the surrender, not one American soldier was killed under my watch, not one, 18 months. And I talked with Abdul. I said, "Don't do it, Abdul. Don't do it. Don't do it. You're not going to be happy if you do it." Not one soldier.
We're sending -- why isn't Germany helping? Why isn't -- why aren't the European countries. You know we're talking about the Ukraine. I feel very strongly about the Ukraine. It's great. But why do we have to be in the lead all the time. So we got that. We're fighting. They're showing these gorgeous brand new F22s, that's the newest and the best.
When you see 19,000 and then 10,000 and 2,000, how could you do that many? What is she doing? Bow, bow, bow, how many -- no, think of it, right? Number one, you say this. Number one, you say this. Why? Why? Was it so but -- why? You use the government server, why do you have to do this? You put it in the bathroom of a house someplace that nobody even knows.
And if they do, they try and have you thrown in the clinker. These people are sick and they're not going to get away with it. They're not getting away with it. Crooked Joe puts China first. He puts Asia first. He puts Ukraine first. He puts illegal aliens first. Environmental maniacs first, environmental maniacs that want to destroy our country.
Lots of jobs going to China, lots of jobs going to Japan, lots of jobs going to South Korea, and unbelievable numbers of jobs, and plants, and factories and everything else going into Mexico. A Trump administration will stop the jobs from leaving America, and we will stop the jobs from leaving Wisconsin. We'll work with your governor who is a great, great governor and we're going to stop it. [Applause] We are going to stop it.
And there are so many others in the room. You know, you're never going to speak to me again. [Laughter] But we're not going to give any more names. Right? Let's get down to business. [Laughter] Other than these names, who are the important ones? Okay?
Sir, I'd attack them from seven different locations. We have bases all over smaller than this. Some of them are portable." He called them portable bases or something like that. I said, "So, what would you do? "Sir, I'd hit him on the left. I'd hit him on the right. I'd hit him in the fucking center, sir." [Audience chants "USA"]
All of us. But they don't report it. They don't -- they just let it go. "Above all else, we must remember this truth, no matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are all Americans first. We love our country, we love our God, and we love our flag." [Crowd chants USA]
You know the vote counter is more important than the candidate, I hate to tell -- I could take a great candidate like J. D. Vance and I could take a great vote counter, some crook, some Democrat crook, radical Left crazy man, and I'll bet on that guy every time. I hate to say it, you got to be careful. We have to strengthen up and we have to go to all paper ballots very quickly.
If she really wanted to bring those jobs back. She's so overrated. She couldn't do it anyway. So, let me just tell you, I just did this at a big speech and I have to read it because I liked it. I think it's you know, seven steps. We like it. It's going to happen fast. If I win, if I win. When, where. Thank you.
The fact is, I did more in 47 months than sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years and now the Democrats are pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee. The Biden plan would destroy Social Security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions. People with pre-existing conditions are never going to get it.
I mean, she's on the Foreign Affairs Committee, which is -- and every -- all these other guys are afraid to act because of it. When a college student accused Israel of ethnic genocide, Kamala said that she was glad that the student made that comment. She was very happy that the -- she actually said this.
Where's the sheriff with that beautiful family? I don't think the sheriff is going to be too happy. Where is he? This guy's central casting. I'm going to put that -- where is he? I'm going to put him in a movie. He's like central casting. His family is better-looking than he is, too. I don't think the sheriff is endorsing Franken with this open-border policy, Sheriff.
But whatever the number, that's never really been the central issue, it will never be a central issue. It doesn't matter from that standpoint. Anyone who tells you that the core issue is the needs of those living here illegally has simply spent too much time in Washington. [Audience yells "Yeah"] Only the out-of-touch media elites think the biggest problem facing American side to -- you know this, you know this, this is what they talk about, facing American society today is that there are 11 million illegal immigrants who don't have legal status.
He was never considered smart. He was a touchy feely guy. You know those guys? Touchy feely. But not a nice guy, not a smart guy. Our incredible first lady is sitting here right now and she's saying, and she's saying to herself, "I wonder if all rallies are like this?" Now, most of them are a little bit different, but that's okay.
He was such a good boy. I don't know what happened, but I didn't need this. I had a beautiful life. But to me, I wouldn't change it for the world because we're going to take this country, we're going to make it safe again, and we're going to make America great again. And I want to thank everybody for being here, and God bless you all.
So, she said she wouldn't do anything different than Joe Biden which is disqualifying. They've got almost a 90 percent wrong track. You know, right track, wrong track. It's the highest wrong track in the history of our country, almost 90 percent. It's disqualifying. Take a look at this.
And this went on for decades. Right. Didn't we knock the hell out of one of these two nations that hated each other. And remember this about Iraq. Iraq has among the biggest oil reserves in the world. So not only did we give Iran. One of the great deals of the century. When our very very incompetent Secretary of State, John Kerry, grossly incompetent.
I'm not angry. I love the way things are going. Isn't the Iran deal wonderful? Isn't it great? Isn't the border protection beautiful? I mean, what's good? We don't win anyway. We don't win. And so they said, anger, like I'm supposed to fight it. I said, I am angry. I'm really angry, and the people that are with are angry too.
Big tax cuts. She will raise taxes; I'm lowering taxes. That's a big difference. I'm going to repeal, and I'm going to replace Obamacare -- [Applause]
They said it wasn't true. Might have been a lie. And guess what? His life is destroyed. He could go to jail for five years. She lied over and over and over and over. [Audience chants "Over and over"] Thirty nine times, right? She said to the FBI on July 4th weekend. Not recorded and not sworn in. Not recorded and not sworn in. She said, "I can't recall." Thirty nine times.
The senator from Virginia should be ashamed of himself for many things. For many things, for things even beyond that. But in its own way, nothing is more important than those words. They were terrible words. As president, I will always defend our nation's glorious heritage, and we will protect the Judeo-Christian principles of our founding, and we will protect them with vigor.
But those sanctions were lifted, and now, Iran is a rich country with $200 billion and another $6 billion for hostages and $10 billion for electricity from Iraq, all compliments of the Biden administration. And China with Taiwan is next. We are a nation that allows the radical left to violently attack our cities, leaving behind massive destruction and death, and nothing happens to them.
Not at the fact that the wall is being built not at the fact that way -- but you know where his anger was? That the fact that the United States would actually be tough with Mexico for a change. He couldn't believe it. How dare they talk to us that way. How dare they talk about the wall. This guy was insensi -- Anyway, look we're going to have a better relationship with Mexico than we do now.
Have to do it. And know both sides. I've been on the other side. Believe me. I actually like this side better; this is a movement. This is a movement like they may be have never seen in this country, according to even the political pundits that truly hate me, OK? This is a -- they -- oh, this is a movement that some say, most say is one of the great phenomenons that they've ever seen in politics.
We could say things. It's just the opposite. They do just the opposite of common sense. You know, people think of Henry as a conservative and he's conservative, but he's basically a man of common sense. I think we all are. We're men of common sense and women of common sense, because this is really common sense.
We have the greatest weaponry we've ever had, no country, no country has ever come close to the kind of firepower we have. Hopefully, hope to God, we never have to use it. We have firepower and weapons and the Republicans did it because a Democrat's so -- we have to have that, otherwise, we're going to be at the mercy of other countries.
So maybe they want the bill to fail so that we can have a tax -- maybe they'll take credit for it. But I've never heard that said. I've watched politics all my life. I've never seen politicians -- politicians campaign on we're going to increase your taxes, except these crazy Democrats. As part of this legislation, I am committed to spending cuts.
I am going to get rid of massive amounts of unnecessary regulations on business and in your life, it's killing your businesses. I am going to repeal and replace Obamacare. I am going to appoint justices of the Supreme Court who will follow the Constitution. [Applause]
Thank you, fellas. Thank you, David. It's been so hard to start the steel business back up. You know, this isn't like a regular business where if you don't have it, it's just fine. You need steel coming from our country, you need aluminum coming for -- right here in the USA, and we've got aluminum coming out good, we've got steel coming out beyond good, I think we can say that, David.
We went to Minnesota where we're doing very well. Everyone said, "Why Minnesota? That doesn't go Republican?" It's going Republican this year, I'll tell you. Minnesota, great place. And, you know, you've been watching and you've been seeing, and these people are being driven crazy, the dishonest media. We're winning Ohio.
They didn't want anything -- We could have gotten out. I wanted to get out more than anybody. I'm the one that got it down to 2,000. But also we should have kept Bagram because of China. Bagram Air Base cost billions and billions of dollars years ago to build. It's one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons.
You must never forget, the 2020 election is about one thing, and it's coming up fast. It's about you. It's about you. One thing, about you. I'm doing this for you. You know, we had in 2016, I really believe it was maybe the greatest election. I guess George Washington was good, right? But that was easy, and by the way, he did even better percentage-wise in judges than I did.
So think of that, 300 federal judges, I think close to 60 court of appeals judges, and 3 supreme court justices, I mean -- can you believe it? Even I can't believe it! Even I -- it's a record. If I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. And if I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you, and I am fighting for you harder than any president has ever fought.
China's wonderful, I'm not angry at the Chinese leaders, I'm angry at our leaders for being so damn stupid. So, so when we have a trade deficit with China of more than $500 billion. And we have a trade deficit with Japan that's through the roof. You gotta see these cars they come pouring off the largest ships you've ever seen.
It was all ready to be just hoisted, up the exact wall that the border patrol who are incredible, Brandon, Judd, and all of the people at border patrol, that's exactly what they designed. They had the anti-climb bars. They had everything. And you know what they did? They didn't want it to go up. They sold it for five cents in the dollar.
Congratulations, you're in the United States. That's all. If you have three women tied up in the backseat of a car, you're not going through, folks, a port of entry where they do look in the backseat, at least, right? Drugs pouring through the border kills tens of thousands of innocent Americans a year, including heroin, meth, cocaine, fentanyl, and so many others.
Do you mind?" I said, "Not at all. Call the president," because that's who he was calling. He comes back five minutes, "Sir, it would be our great honor to supply you with 28,000 soldiers free of charge." And we had great numbers. We had great numbers and the best numbers we've ever had. And, you know, it's just so sad when I see so many -- there's so many stories like that with French, with the wine.
How's he doing? He's doing a good job, right? Come on. Now we're back where we started the whole deal. We're right back where we started, I take the mike out. OK. OK. You know what, and then I won't pay the bill of the company that does this crazy makeover and they'll do a story, Trump is a horrible human being.
Our base is bigger, it is stronger, and we have done the greatest job again if we didn't get hit with the plague from China this thing we wouldn't have even -- between us I would have canceled Mr. Congressman most of the rallies I wouldn't have needed a rally. That's a little bit unfair, but that's okay, that is what China has done to our nation.
A friend of mine said, "You have to be the cleanest human being on earth." This has been going on for six years now. We had the biggest tax cuts and regulation cuts ever. Historic job numbers, 164 million people working, far more than we have working today. I keep hearing about employment numbers. We had far more people working.
I've made a living for years looking at unused spaces and imagining what they could be. Politicians look at blighted neighborhoods and offer only excuses -- I look at those same neighborhoods and offer solutions. We spend so much time thinking about how things used to be, we've stopped thinking about how great things could be -- all we have to do is tune out the doubters, the cynics, and the naysayers. We are a nation of strivers, dreamers, and believers -- and that's the spirit that will carry us to victory in November, and to great victories as a nation.
And a group that I've used more than anybody that's ever run for office times 1,000, because in New York City they would drive those cement trucks up to my building and those trucks were always on time, and sometimes they were lined up for six blocks when I was doing different things. Even when I was doing the Wollman Rink, the city couldn't build it. Took them nine years.
And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. Always. The Republican Party will always protect patients with preexisting condition. People with preexisting conditions. And for the veterans, we passed VA's choice. So right now as they wait in line for two weeks, three weeks, 10 days, four days, two months, people that weren't even very sick or terminally ill, before they get to see a doctor, they immediately go outside, find a good local doctor, get themselves fixed up and we paid the bill, and it's a great thing for our veterans.
... right? And that Kadzik said quote It will be a while before the State Department posts the e-mails." Remember they were waiting for the e-mails. [Booing]"".. right? And that Kadzik said quote "It will be a while before the State Department posts the e-mails." Remember they "". right? And that Kadzik said quote "It will be a while before the State Departme"" right? And that Kadzik said quote "It will ""right? A"
But he actually made that statement. We'll put the baby down. After the babies -- we'll put that -- and you'll decide what to do. And there are states that allow that. They're the radical ones on this issue, far and away the radical ones, not us. Every voter has to go with your heart and do what's right, but we also have to get elected because we have a lot of other things.
They were all saying Merry Christmas again. That's the way we have it. I told you that. We will deliver record prosperity, epic job growth and a safe vaccine that quickly ends the pandemic, which is ending with or without -- And We have the vaccines, they are going to be very -- Nobody would have them, it would be years before you had them.
He said that's not an appropriate question. That turned out to be another one. Trump was right. That turned out to be another very appropriate question. You got $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife, very rich family. I will tell you that this is a conflict of interest. But at the same time, Joe Biden bragged, unknowingly on tape, and this was on tape -- can you imagine if I said it -- about getting rid of a Ukrainian prosecutor?
He wants to get rid of ICE. Let me tell you about ICE. These are tough, brave people that love our country. These are people that MS-13, they're afraid of ICE. They don't like seeing ICE. And if we don't have ICE, you'll pay a big price. These are great people. These are great people. Lou Barletta and the Republican Party will always stand for the heroes of ICE, Border Patrol, and our great, great law enforcement.
You're not the radicals. You love babies. They're the radicals. Just recently, also, the Supreme Court ruled to something that nobody thought would be possible, ruled to move our country forward with a merit-based system of education. In other words, if you have great marks, great boards, great whatever the criteria is, somebody with half the credits, half the numbers, people that weren't even good students aren't going to take your place in college.
I hope that doesn't take, uh, away any of your incentive. You're already locked in your home. While letting far left rioters roam free. Isn't that something, right? You can't go to church. You can't take your family to dinner. But you can let people riot down the middle of your beautiful shopping streets, knocking the hell out of people, burning down your stores, like in Minneapolis.
That's right. We won the tournament. We had 36 teams and we won the tournament. Oh, we didn't cheat either. You know, a lot of, a lot of those teams cheated because I know how they play and they did not shoot those scores. But I think we, we got, uh -- Well, it helped to have Bryson hitting a ball 400 yards, you know.
You see those stories? First lady, book. Boom. But you got to always bring it back. When it comes to a time when it doesn't meet at the bottom, then it's time to say, "Let's not do this shit anymore." We won't do this anymore. But -- so what happened is Van Jones was crying, and now I tell him it's OK.
That was unity, right? I saw you last night. That was unity. That was amazing. And the party has just come together. The party has come together and the few people that aren't there, it's OK. You know, you got to understand, I ran as an outsider. I didn't want anybody. Now, I have guys like Mike Pence. I mean, this isn't supposed to happen.
Our answer will be a renewal of will a rediscovery of resolve and a rebirth of devotion. We need to defeat the enemies of humanity and unlock the potential of life itself. Our hope is a word and world of proud independent nations that embrace their duties, seek friendship, respect others and make common cause in the greatest shared interest of all a future of dignity and peace for the people of this wonderful earth.
Because of our tax cuts, Apple is investing $350 billion in the United States. They're bringing $240 billion back -- $240 billion. They're going to pay a tax of $38 billion, Mitch -- $38 billion. But they're going to invest a total of $350 billion. And when I first heard the number, I said, "You don't mean billion
We won in 2016. We got millions and millions more votes. You know, Barack Hussein Obama got far fewer votes this second time. Remember -- did anyone ever hear of Barack Hussein Obama? He's been nasty, hasn't he? [Audience boos] Oh, he's been a nasty person. He's been a little nasty. I'm not -- you know, I'm supposed to be a nice person.
And appoint justices to the United State Supreme Court, who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. [Applause]
It wasn't working. The mission act, that's amazing. And accountability, where we can fire people in the V.A. that aren't taking great care of our vets, OK. You're fired, get out, you're fired, out. We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. We took out the world's No.1 terrorist and the mass murder of American troops and many others, Qasem Soleimani.
So, we'd better get smart and we'd better start thinking properly.
November 5th today will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America wealthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America healthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] Bobby Kennedy Jr.
They have been after me. You may have noticed. And we will give our police back their power and their respect. I am going to indemnify all police officers and law enforcement officials throughout the United States to protect them from being destroyed by the radical left lunatics who are angry that they're taking strong action on crime.
This is the year we're going to take back the House, we're going to take back the Senate, and we're going to take back America. And in 2024, most importantly, we are going to take back our magnificent White House. We're going to take it. [Audience chants "USA"]
Great place. And he says, uh, "Yeah. You're gonna having fracking. A million jobs." And, you know, they wanna keep their bills down. Right? The lighting bills, and the gasoline -- So all of a sudden, he goes from no fracking, to we will frack. And everyone said, "How the Hell -- ", and the fake news doesn't call him out on it.
And when you see our friends and our great wounded warriors and our great warriors, when you see them without their legs or without an arm, and with so much damage, it's most likely that he caused that damage, because that's what he liked. He loved planting the roadside bomb. So now, he's gone and that's a good thing.
Right now, it's got graffiti all over the beautiful marble. It's got the medians falling down on our roads. It's got potholes all over the place. We're going to take over our Capitol. We're going to make it so beautiful. We'll have a committee. We'll get rid of these people that are allowing crime to flourish.
Well, they're Front -- they're Front Row Joes, you know? We got to be careful with those Front Row Joes. But, no, that's the best number that we've had. And, look what happened afterwards. It was like an explosion, like a rocket, like Elon's rocket. Did you see the way that sucker landed today? What was it? I looked at it and I said, "Oh, it's too bad. Oh, that's too bad. It's coming down so fast."
The second-best year that Wisconsin has ever had was the year before. And guess what the third was, the year before that. And you'll get to have your best year economically, next year, it's all heading in that direction. Despite the pandemic given to us by China. But we want to put the violent criminals behind bars and we have to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China, not to other very terrible forces out there.
They have enough problems with this country without terminating the truth. It's time for the American people to declare independence from every last COVID mandate. We have to tell this band of hypocrites, tyrants, and racists that we're done with having them control our lives, mess with our children, and close our businesses.
So you just cannot continue -- you just cannot continue to do what we're doing right now. Now, when it comes to immigration, you have to do the right thing. You have to -- in your own heart, you're dealing with lives, you're dealing with human beings, you have to do the right thing. But it's got to be done in a very, very smart and methodical method.
Finally, I want to get to taxes. I want to cut the hell out of taxes, but -- [Applause] -- but before I can do that -- I would have loved to have put it first, I'll be honest -- there is one more very important thing that we have to do, and we are going to repeal and replace horrible, disastrous Obamacare. [Applause]
That's not an easy one. I was dealt a very difficult hand, believe me, when I took over, between North Korea, the Middle East -- you look at Afghanistan, what's going on there. This was a tough hand. But you put me there for a reason, and I think you're going to be very happy with the end result, believe me. [Applause]
Thank you very much. Great job you do. "Nobody..." I'll tell you what, there's a little phrase that I hear: "Nobody dies today. They live to fight another day." You've done a fantastic job. And I'm told that, not long ago, a critically injured soldier was brought here in need of multiple blood transfusions.
It's incredible because they want to make sure it gets built. They don't want to have it stuck. And I came up with a concept that's great. But here's the story. It's under budget and it's two years ahead of schedule, two years. Now think of that, two years ahead of schedule.
I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms. [Audience responds affirmatively]
You'll never get to use it. I am also going to propose a massive tax cut to unleash prosperity in every city and every state in our country. Big tax code. [Applause] I'm going to instruct the Department of Commerce to immediately begin a review of all foreign trade practices that unfairly hurt American manufacturing.
Who would think? Who would think? But he became president too. He's a MAGA guy top, make Argentina great again, right? Make Argentina great again. I kept hearing about this man. I kept hearing about this man in beautiful Argentina and it is beautiful, but boy, did it have inflation. Inflation made it less beautiful.
I want to see -- No, they should be ashamed of themselves. It's disgraceful. Who is the person though? Raise your hand. Who is the person that took action over there? Come here. I love these guys. I love these guys. I love these people. Come here. Come here. Come here. Get over here. Look at this guy. Come here.
I said, give me your top 10 list. Give me the list I want. And I said, my great Mike Lindell. By the way, he is the single greatest advertiser in history. I don't know what the hell. I don't know how much money you can make with pillows. You know, if it was oil, I understand. I don't understand the pillow stuff, but I'll tell you, he's a true patriot.
Another 14 million Americans left the labor force. Nearly four in 10 African-American children are living in poverty while 58%, think of this. 58% of African-American youth are not employed, 58%. Obama has done a great job, hasn't he? Median in -- I mean, think of this. Median household income has fallen by more than $4,000, $4,000.
I know it. I know that they have been behind me, right? They knew it was right. They've been asking for this for 25, 30 years in all fairness. No, they -- they're very happy. I told you the -- the auto workers union, we got tremendous votes. But they like me today even better than they did on Election Day on November 5th because they see the results.
We achieved the most secure border in US history, and we built our wall, as I said. Very important for you, because you're a big military between the equipment we build and V.A. Choice and V.A. Accountability, right? You ever notice the vets? We used to always have on television, you'd have the fake news, they'd always be -- Well, in that case, it wasn't fake.
Now, I just got back from Florida. I was begging for like a regular commercial, Ivory Snow, Heinz ketchup, every commercial was a hit on Trump, hit, hit, hit. And almost all of them were untrue. Some were pretty good, actually. But the most negative -- it's horrible, and really I mean so much fabrication.
It says Trump 2028. We're driving the left crazy when you see that. [Laughter] We didn't need that hat. But uh, it was uh, it's been an amazing period of time. And when, uh, Lee Greenwood did that song, it went from the first day. I came out, we played it. It was a great song, but we didn't know. And then I did it a second time, a third time.
We're at a very, very close point to the vaccine and to therapeutics and therapeutics to me are more important right now. You go into the hospital, whether it's a transfusion or whether it's a shot and you feel better two days later or a day later or three days later but now would be a great thing and we're very close, we have great, great companies working on it.
She understands very well. And that should never happen in our country. That happens a lot. They go in and they buy -- they buy two bananas, and this should never be happening in our country. And it's happening because we have both corrupt and stupid leaders. You have combinations of stupidity. And sometimes, it over -- it overflows.
These are bad people, okay? These are bad people. But, suburban women should love me. I'm the greatest thing that ever happened to them, because I'm saving suburbia. And you know, these radical, crazy anarchists. You know the next thing they hit, they've said that they'd like to hit suburbia. With me, they're not hitting suburbia.
Thank you very much. And I want to thank Representative Donalds. There's somebody with a future. I don't know if I'd trade him -- that future -- for the age. I'd love to pick up that age. That was a good age. But he's got a tremendous future ahead of him. And a very special thanks to Matthew Charles.
To Melania and Don... [Applause]
A college student who immigrated from Somalia who later applied for and received U.S. citizenship attempted to blow up a Christmas tree with the lighting at a major ceremony in Oregon.
you want to try doing business in China it's almost impossible because they make
She really does. I mean George Stephanopoulos interviewed me the other day. It was terrible. It was like it was one of the great interviews. Did anybody see that interview? But you know, he's a big, he's a big Hillary fan. Tonight, I was interviewed by another Hillary fan from ABC. He's all right. He's OK. Relax, relax, relax.
[Audience yells "Mexico"] So what are these guys running against me? Donald, first of all, you can't build a wall, I said, really? Why can't we? He said, well, I don't know. Can you do that? You know 15 years ago they wanted to build the wall and they couldn't do it because the environmental impact statement for the wall, they couldn't get it approved, because there were rodents, snakes, rats, all sorts of stuff in the way, they couldn't get it. They had frogs.
She's fantastic. And so, say, where -- wherever Shawn may be, say hello to Shawn. She's great. Go ahead.
Now, remember this. I'm the one that was -- the one person that didn't want to go in. We are going to be respected again. We're not respected. Our leaders are not respected. Our leaders are not respected. Obama is not respected. Hillary Clinton is a joke. If she gets in, she's like a joke. [Audience Boos] You know, I turned on last night.
So what we're doing is we're going to make -- The Regeneron and Eli Lilly, a great company, has a similar antibody drug, antibody drug, and we're going to make that available to people that need it free. All I know is I didn't feel great, and after I took that I woke up the next morning and I wanted -- I tell you, I felt like I could take on the world.
They can't believe it. Nobody can believe the open borders that no voter ID, the high taxes. The whole thing. I mean, just go point after point. To put it simply, on Election Day 2016, we didn't just save America, we saved the Republican Party. We did. On that magnificent night, and we actually should have had two of those magnificent nights, because the one a little bit later, four years later, we got 12 million more votes.
But you get the last word on November 3rd. You can ensure that when the results pour in, the corrupt media -- Oh, they're gonna have -- Are you guys ready for this? Look at all of them. Look at all of those corrupt people. [Audience boos] Look at all of those corrupt people. The corrupt media -- I used to call 'em the fake news.
Ninety-nine percent of the vote cast. One point left. If I lost every single vote, I won Pennsylvania by a lot. I kept saying, why aren't they announcing Pennsylvania? I thought it must be some kind of a technical malfunction. [Laughter] So they didn't do it until late in the evening. It stayed forever. I kept going, why aren't they announcing?
And we have to get rid of sanctuary cities. You see what's going on, have to get rid of sanctuary cities. [Applause]
Let's forget that. It's OK for them to do it. 14% of non-citizens are registered to vote. The system is also rigged by the media. [Audience Boos] WikiLeaks shows, WikiLeaks shows the media colluding and conspiring directly with the Clinton campaign. E-mails even show that Clinton's boasting gleefully about very friendly and malleable reporters who shower the Clintons with praise.
We have not -- inflation. Inflation is terrible. It's a country buster. And the economy, all those things. But I happen to think that what they've done at the border to our country by letting millions and millions of people in, totally unchecked and unvetted, I think it's the worst thing, including murderers, drug dealers, people from prison.
I would be not surprised if Hunter Biden was also a middleman. He probably got a -- On top of everything else, takes in millions and millions. And now we find out that Hunter Biden is a middleman, but these are rich people and they get all this money for nothing. So I worked a deal where Canada, which buys their drugs for exactly 50%. I'm gonna let our governors, your governor, governor of Florida, other governors, buy, buy their drugs directly from Canada.
What he signed means nothing. It me -- in fact, it makes it easier. In my opinion, it opens the border still further. We have people coming into our country, we're going to end up making, and I say this and I say it all the time, November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. If Joe Biden truly wanted to sign an Executive Order to stop the invasion, right now all he needs to do is say, "I hereby immediately re-instate every single border policy of a gentleman named Donald J. Trump." You know, he doesn't need anything.
Not too many. Like maybe one. I doubt it, I doubt it. And yet, they send their cars in by the millions. No, they didn't treat us well, and they don't. But big changes were being made and made and made. But together, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world. Think of it. Before the plague came in. Before the plague came in. And then, when the plague did come in, the China virus came in, we did it again.
You know what you do with Biden? You go like this and he'd fall over. [Laughter]
That war would've never, ever started. So we've used trade to create peace in a lot of different, uh, locations. We also solved, uh, the war in Africa, Congo, Republic of Congo and Rwanda. That was much smaller to do with trade, more to do with common sense. They were fighting for years, 10 million people were dead, and we got that one done too.
Fixing things is what I do. Just look at my projects in New York, where I turned rundown spaces into new centers of business, activity and opportunity -- where others saw only problems, I saw only potential. We turned empty lots into homes, offices and living memories for thousands of workers and families. That's what I want to do for our country -- I want to go into the neglected neighborhoods, the failing schools, the forgotten stretches of this nation, and unlock their potential for all of our people.
They came from -- They came from all over the world. They came from prisons. Jails. They came from mental institutions. Gang members. They were gangs. They came from all over the place. From every country. They came from the Congo and Africa. A lot from the Congo. They came from South America. A lot of came from Venezuela.
Nobody's seen anything like this. What is that behind me? That's -- that's pretty tough-looking, that's pretty tough-looking. But we've created a movement. And everybody said this is one of the great campaigns they've ever seen. I mean, look, you were the forgotten man and woman. I was a guy that never did this before.
We have veterans sleeping on the street, and inside luxury hotels, you have people that came into our country, many from prisons, many from mental institutions, many terrorists. And there they are treated better than our veterans. They don't care about our veterans. As border czar, Kamala has spent over $1 billion of taxpayer money to house illegal aliens and foreign migrants in some of the most expensive housing and hotels anywhere in the country.
And they will then call us and they will say, "Sir, we have decided that we love the dollar very much, and we're going to stay." That's what they will say every single time. So, you know, tariffs are a very important thing. They need a PR agent to straighten out that word. If I was Mr. Tariff, I would say, Please get me a PR agent, I have to straighten out."
We have the opposite. We have so many people. They don't like it. But they never show -- They never show that nobody -- Joe was speaking yesterday. There was nobody there before they carried him off the stage. Think of it. He got nervous speaking to nobody. But that wasn't nervous. That was another problem.
It probably gets up and shows that swing or something, right? You don't have any room in the plane. That's a problem. Not in that plane. They plenty of room but -- oh I'm only kidding. But tell me, then he left and nobody saw him on the golf course. By the way, isn't it shocking? He didn't get to play, I guess.
Democrats have ruled the inner cities and they just do one thing. Every four years they come. They say, "Please, please, give us your vote. We'll help you." You give them the vote and they say, "See you in four years." They don't do a thing. They're dangerous. The education stinks and there's no jobs. And it's at a point probably as bad as it's ever been.
And David Perdue and Lindsey Graham helped me, a lot of people helped us. When congressional Democrats tried to reverse my order and terminate vital border security operations, I very proudly issued my first veto and they were not able to turn over the veto. So now we have -- in fact we have billions of dollars.
We are going to have a better year. We're also deeply honored to be joined by our military spouse, Amy Williams, who is reunited with her husband, Sergeant First Class Townsend Williams. At my State of the Union Address, everybody remembers that, everybody remembers. Look at that. Hi Amy. Hi, Amy. What a great person.
Now we're within moments, hopefully, of having despite what you heard a few weeks ago, maybe we're heading they go like, "Please, please. Let there be recession, please." they're willing to give up their results because they think it'll help them win the election. They're not going to win the election.  Don't forget, we're doing this and still fighting the unfairness of China and other countries on trade.
So how are we serving these American victims by attacking law enforcement officers? The war on our police must end and it must end now. [Applause]
You know, it's amazing. There is more spirit now than at any time anyone has ever seen in any campaign. You know, we're nine months away. It's not like, gee, we're going to vote tomorrow. Tomorrow's your big day. You're going to vote in a primary tomorrow, but the big day is November 5th. Nobody has ever seen spirit like this.
Where's Marco? You deserve it. [Hands pen] Where's Mario? Mario, thank you. [Hands pen] Where's our third one? [Hands pen, Applause] Thank you everybody.
You've been seeing what's going on in France lately. It's been terrible. I called up President Macron, and I extended our sympathies and best wishes, but they had terrible, terrible terrorist attacks over the last few days and more than one. I suspended the entry of foreign refugees from terror-afflicted nations, if you don't mind.
George Washington. Give him a hat. Give him a make America again hat. We'll say make Amercica great again hat, again, again. We made it great again and now, we're going to make it great again because we had to close it up, saved 2 million lives and now we're opening it up and we're doing record numbers and you'll hear.
They are fake news in a sense. But by the way, did you see, we had a poll last week, Rasmussen, which is a good poll. That's only good because I like them. You know, they happen to be good. If they were bad, like two months from now, I'd say they're terrible. But the Rasmussen poll is a big deal. It's a really good poll.
Michael? Michael, thank you. With their handsome son and the whole deal. He's got the whole package. Thank you very much, Michael. Great job. Really a great job, and good luck with the race. I think you're going to have tremendous success. David McIntosh is a very powerful man. He's the head of the club for growth and a very good friend of mine.
You've gotta be very careful. And let me also quickly read a letter from Mark Finchem, chairman of the Arizona House -- a very respected man -- Federal Relations Committee. "Dear Mister President, Subsequent to the election, members of the legislature were inundated with complaints from constituents relating to the intensity of the General Election, and the integrity" -- More important than anything else -- "And the accuracy of canvased results.
But I got like seven people coming at me from every side. Am I supposed to be nice? That's the problem with our country, we're too nice. They say tone. Hillary Clinton said I don't like Donald Trump's tone. I don't like his tone. They're chopping off heads in the Middle East of our people. They're chopping off heads of Christians.
So, as long as we are proud of who we are and we are very proud of who we are and what we're fighting for, we as a country will never ever fail. We'll never fail. We have 3.4 million new jobs since Election Day.
Okay that's what's going to happen. And folks this isn't like maybe it's 100 percent this 100 percent and then the same thing happens in China. Japan is back. You know they have a really good leader smart cutting the hell out of the yen making it possible for us to compete. People are rotting Komatsu tractors now instead of Caterpillar tractors capacity.
The people are now voting, and many of those votes are far more liberal than we thought. But every legal scholar, every Republican and Democrat for years, didn't want it in federal. They wanted it in the states and a vote of the people. And that's what's happening right now and with the powerful exceptions like those that Ronald Reagan insisted on.
No, no, no. Right now, what's happening is people are waiting to see what's going to go with the election. And wait till you see what happens after the election, one way or the other. But right now, you take a look at the numbers for the last year, they're horrendous, absolutely horrendous. And it's also election time, don't forget.
OK. He wanted it to be sent to China. He had to pay a massive tax. He ended up losing a share. I was happy because he's a rich guy. I don't care. I couldn't care. He had to pay to get the plane into China. He had to pay a fantastically large tax tariff. He had to pay. You couldn't believe it. I won't even say the number because I still can't believe it was.
Thank you. With proper leadership, every disaster we are now enduring will be fixed, and it will be fixed very, very quickly. So, tonight, whether you've supported me in the past or not, I hope you will support me in the future because I will bring back the American Dream. That's what we're going to do. You don't even hear about the American Dream anymore.
It's a scam. I'm not doing it. And we called them, you know, you're a rock kind of guy. Let's go and it didn't take much because he believes like we do. We are truly honored to be here with the newest Republican member of the House of Representatives, your great Congressman Jeff Van Drew. And I have to tell you a few weeks ago, Jeff was one of the few brave and principled Democrat lawmakers.
Then the last month and a half, he disappeared. And I called his people, I said, you have to do yourself a favor. Obama, say what you want. He was on Jay Leno. He was on David Letterman. He was all over the place. So last three, four weeks, mitt was looking for zoning for a nine car garage or something in California, right?
That wall is gonna happen, folks. Do you remember when I first brought up the wall? Everybody, all of these people -- first of all, they're all controlled by their special interests. They're all controlled, every single one of them, they're controlled by their lobbyists. I know the politicians better than anybody knows the politicians.
Thank you. And by the way, she wants to confiscate your guns. You got to think about that. [Audience boos] The tax queen is also demanding a shocking 33 percent tax hike on all domestic production along with the largest capital gains tax hike in history.
We can understand. Perhaps, we'll all be there someday. Could be with me, too. My family will say, "Get the hell this guy out of the house." You know, that's what happens. And they wouldn't -- they wouldn't -- they didn't vote. And now, they find out that they voted close to 100%. Nothing like that's ever happened.
Nobody talks about the crowd every time nobody talks about the crowd. Every time nobody talks about the crowd. Every time I go home, my wife says how is the crowd? I go home. My wife says how is the crowd I go home? My wife says how is the crowd again, they didn't show, they never show again, they didn't show they never show again, they didn't show they never show the crack.
[Audience chants "USA"] Well, that was good timing, wasn't it? [Laughs] We had to get that right. We had to get that right, but they always get it right. I was just, uh, given a display with a wonderful first lady, the likes of, which I think few people have ever seen before. We were a few minutes away. And the uh, display of strength was absolutely incredible.
They walk out and, you know, the law enforcement is great, the police are great. They don't know exactly how to stop it, but they're not allowed to do it. They don't want to lose their pension. They don't want to lose their wife. They don't want to lose their husband. They don't want to lose all of the things that they're they're threatened, don't do anything.
I've dealt with them all my life. If you can make it with a politician, you can't make it at all folks, OK? So they're all controlled. I'm self funding my campaign. I'm not controlled. I don't have anybody's money. Nobody is gonna tell us what to do. I'm working for you and I'm working for you. I'm working for you, folks.
He actually hit a drive and it went right. It hit a tree. It was a massive tree. The ball hit the tree so hard. I said Ben, that tree will be dead within two years. I'm telling you. The noise was scary, but Big Ben is great and he's a winner. He's a winner. I'm telling you. He is a take two Super Bowls and you look at that play, that defensive play he made on the running back, right?
You know, I never said that. That was a big deal. Let her move and -- look at Henry there. And that's -- and people are very happy about it. Henry, great. You know, Henry was with me right from the beginning of the campaign. Early on, I thought she'd be with me, but she went a different way. And I said, wow, that's unusual.
That's the word. That's the word. I stand before you today to declare the silent majority is stronger than ever before. Five months from now, we're going to defeat sleepy Joe Biden. Boy, does he get a pass from these people, huh? We're going to stop the radical left. We're going to build a future of safety and opportunity for Americans of every race, color, religion, and creed.
Abraham Lincoln, the savior of our union, was a self-taught country lawyer who grew up in a log cabin on the American frontier.
You know, it took her, what, three and a half years to go there. And then she went to a place that I'd love to go for dinner sometime with you people. She never went -- she didn't go to the border for the whole time. It was a great insult, and I used to call them all the time. In fact, they thought I was a pain in the ass.
Wilt was small by comparison. And she looked over. I'd never seen her before. Anyway, she wanted to break that record. She fought so hard to do it. And the race started in. As you know, she was severely injured. She was injured by wind burn because he went by her so fast, the wind burned the hell out of her.
We're a nation in really serious, serious decline. But we will rapidly review the cases of every political prisoner who is unjustly victimized by the Biden regime, including Paula, so we can get them out of the gulags and back to their families where they belong. Paula, just hold on, Paula. We're going to get you out of there.
It's time for the working man and woman to finally catch a break, and that's what we're doing because this is a good one, and I think it's going to be great for the country. So, that's why we will be saying that if you're an overtime worker, when you're past 40 hours a week, think of that, your overtime hours will be tax-free.
And I think the biggest thing that Mitt Romney has to fear is the press. They don't tell the truth. Now, I'm not saying all of them. I know some great, great reporters and it's a great profession, but there are many really dishonest reporters. I've had stories done on me that they knew were wrong. They told me they were wrong.
No longer will federal bureaucrats micromanage your local police. And we will work with, upon request, local police to help them, not to hinder them. And we're waiting for a call from Chicago, because there's no place that we would rather help than Chicago. To reduce people going back to prisons and to help nonviolent inmates successfully rejoin society, last year we passed historic, bipartisan criminal justice reform.
QUOTE: "Because non-citizens tended to favor Democrats (Obama won more than 80 percent of the votes of non-citizens in the 2008 sample), we find that this participation was large enough to plausibly account for Democratic victories in a few close elections. Non-citizen votes could have given Senate Democrats the pivotal 60th vote needed to overcome filibusters in order to pass health-care reform and other Obama administration priorities in the 111th Congress. It is also possible that non-citizen votes were responsible for Obama's 2008 victory in North Carolina. Obama won the state by 14,177 votes, so a turnout by 5.1 percent of North Carolina's adult non-citizens would have provided this victory margin."
And we have others like that, too. We have others like that, too. They want Election Day. It's gonna be a great day. The more these corrupt forces oppose me, the moreI know we are delivering real change, real progress, and historic victories for the American people. We've done great things with the country, including our military, our vets, the biggest tax and regulation cuts in history We just received a poll.
I'm the most conservative person in the world with getting rid of Obamacare. [Audience yells "Yeah"] I'm the most conservative person in the world having to do with our military and rebuilding our military and taking care of our vets [Audience chants "USA"] But they say, but they say, they take commercials, Donald Trump, I get a kick.
Steve is great. He loves this state and he loves our country and he's the head of the GOP and he tells us we're gonna win. He says, "Sir, could you come up for a rally?" I said, "When would you like it?" "How about Sunday?" I said, "That's great." So I got in -- It's okay. So I got in about 1 o' clock in the morning, just left -- Actually four states.
And I think we're going to win Pennsylvania. And we're going to win North Carolina. We're going to have a lot of victories. Just keep it going, folks. Were fighting a crooked establishment and just about the biggest part of the crooked establishment are these people right back there with a phony cameras.
They've never said it. It's the greatest in the history of our country. There's never been anything like it. These are patriots that love our country. Together we're standing up against some of the most menacing forces, entrenched interests, and vicious opponents our people have ever seen. Despite great outside dangers, and we do have great outside dangers, our biggest threat remains the sick, sinister, and evil people from within our own country.
OK, I mean it. They should immediately give up their weapons. They should immediately give up those weapons and if somebody comes at you with a gun, you just try to talk them out of it, I guess. You got to do some quick talking.
Thank you very much. And it's great to be back with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots who believe in faith and family, God and country, oil, gas, and guns, right? You almost say, how do you vote for a Democrat? They don't believe -- think of this. They don't believe in guns. They don't believe in oil, and they don't believe in God, and they've shown that.
Medic, doctor. [Off-mic] [Audience member calls out "We love you."] Thank you. Are they OK? Thank you, Doctor. Take your time, Doctor. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] We always have good doctors. That's one thing. We got a lot of doctors here, a lot of doctors, a lot of doctors support.
Not only have the Clintons ripped off Haiti, but the new e-mails show members of the Clinton team attacking Catholics. While this is offensive, it's just the latest evidence of the hatred that the Clinton campaign has really for everyday Americans. And you see it and you see so much from these WikiLeaks. You see so much, there's so much.
Biden said it. You know what their whole plan is? It was just released the other day. It was leaked by one of the many people that probably thought it was wrong. Their whole plan is to go after Trump in every way possible, especially criminally and legally. How would you like to have my life? You like that life? "Darling?" I go home to our wonderful first lady.
They're not going to tell me that. We brought MS-13 back by the thousands, by the thousands. They said, we're not taking them back. You know what Biden said? Oh, they're not taking them back. Oh, oh. The guy can't find his way off the stage, stairs all over his stage. You've heard this. One, two, three, four, and then you could jump off the front if you have to, and he'll find the only place on a stage where there's no stair.
We're the nation that built the Empire State Building in less than one year and the Golden Gate Bridge and the incredible Panama Canal, which we gave away -- which we gave away -- we won two world wars. We defeated communism and fascism.
Why do we allow them to debate? I mean, if why do we allow them to debate, I mean, if why do we allow them to debate. I mean, if somebody gives up the state of Virginia, somebody gives up the state of Virginia, somebody gives up the state of Virginia or if somebody gives up the state of or if somebody gives up the state of or if somebody gives up the state of South Carolina, because you know they're South Carolina because you know they're South Carolina because you know they're pretty hard to get on the ballot.
The only way to determine whether there was an honest vote is to conduct a full review of the envelopes in the relevant states. You will find that many of them, tens of thousands, have fraudulent signatures. A full forensic audit is required to ensure that only legal ballots from lawfully registered voters that were properly cast are included in the final count.
If I might for a second, we have incredible patriots. We have great people in the party, and you have great people in the other party too. Not too many of them, but I want to introduce just a few. If I could, a young star, he's going to get bigger and stronger and better, and you can't get much better than he is right now, congressman Byron O'Donnells, a friend of mine, where is he? He's around here someplace.
It's going to be useless as far as you're concerned. The deductibles will be so high you're not gonna be able to use it and the cost is gonna be prohibitive. So they're already saying they have to go back to Congress in '17 to redo it, to change it. We're gonna get rid of it. We're gonna get something good.
She wants your vote and then she said see you like in four years. But hopefully, we're not going to be worried about that. It is really sad -- it is really sad what's happened to our inner-cities. They want your vote and by the way, the Democrats have run them for 50, 60, 70, even 100 years Uninterrupted, 100 years, and look what you have.
He's a disaster. And replace him with an ATF Director who respects the sacred rights to keep and bear arms. And remember, every single thing I told you, I did. That's one of the big things is that when I first ran, we ran and when I first ran, uh, nobody, you know, I did great in business and did a lot of success, even in show business with The Apprentice and all, but -- and I never did this before.
They say, "Donald Trump has a conspiracy theory. It's a conspiracy." No, it's not conspiracy. And by the way, if I were one of the presidents or dictators, as I call them, most of them are dictators, but they go under the term president, but I know them all very well, I would have been doing better than them.
Can you imagine that, Chris? You make a statement that you're going to not mutilate their children? Who would think that? But different times. Well, we've banned it. We don't let that happen. As you know, we've, uh, very strong. It's everyone's now just about -- We're just about there. It's, it's hard to believe it was hard to do. Here's another one.
Thank you. Great job, Vince. The mayor of Doral -- I love Doral and I like this woman a lot, Christi Fraga. Christi. Where is Christi? Thank you, Christi. I like I like Doral. We also have commissioners Damian Pardo, Laura Dominguez, Ralph Rosado, Miami-Dade Supervisor of elections ILeana Garcia, the president of FIFA, Gianni Infantino, FIFA, FIFA. Where's Gianni?
If they win this election, every one of you will be gone. They will be vicious. They will be ruthless. They will do things that you wouldn't believe. But right now, because of me, they're leaving you alone. So, please say, "Thank you, President Trump. Thank you very much." And the reason they're doing that is -- I've heard from some of your great geniuses that talked to me about this subject.
That's thanks a lot, Joe. We appreciate it. And devastate your families with massive tax hikes. He will wage war on Catholic organizations, ban charter schools, fund extreme late-term abortion, and he'll let socialists run wild. And we will never have a socialist country. We will never have it. We can't. We won't have a country.
That didn't work out too well. No, because he had a lid, you know, like a garbage can. You put it in the can. It's a lid. It's called a lid. But he doesn't wanna be president. One thing about this job, you gotta want it. You gotta want it. This is tough. This is tough. [Audience chants "Four more years"] And doing this, I don't usually say it, but I say it.
But you're not going to get the people and you're not going to get the leaders because they're gone long ago. So we have to be smarter, we need people that know what's going on with life. And we don't have that right now.
Now, the reason that they're hitting me in all fairness is when you register zero in the poll, what the hell, they have nothing to lose, right? And then I thought to myself about Lindsey Graham. You know, I thought it was a very bad statement. You know, you build a fortune. You're a smart guy.
Together, we will fight, fight, fight and we will win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America healthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
Why don't you take them? Spin them around. They don't want to do that folks. They don't want to do it. That's why I love my protesters. Because the only time and the only way they show how big our crowds are, the only time is when there's a protester because that's a negative thing they think. But I love our protesters, right?
Let me tell you, they sent them here. When they come into the caravans, I think it was another name I made up, I made up bloody fake news, some Republican names too but we won't mention because now they're all friends of mine, but I said to them, "Why won't they? They won't do it?" "They don't want them." I said, "That's all right." "Do we pay them money, Honduras?
But they're far worse because you don't know as much where the hell they are coming from. So, if countries want to take advantage of the United States, they must pay for the privilege of doing so. That will make us a rich nation again because every country takes advantage of the United States. And I traded, we made some great deals.
That's right." He said, "May I go?" He was in Texas, so he had to travel longer than I did. But Ronny Jackson is one of the finest men, and it was a shame and really a shame. And you ought to get rid of that guy. He's bad news. Montana, you've got to do it, and you're going to do it. And I want to bring up, if I could, you heard him just -- but just for a second because I want to shake his hand.
We are the envy of Russia and China and any other country. We have equipment that nobody has. Our missiles, our rockets, our nuclear has been totally upgraded, and pray to God we never have to use it because I see what happens. Pray to God, but if we didn't have that, we could be in very big trouble. It's a very tough situation.
We didn't lose a soldier. I spoke to Abdul, the head of the Taliban. You didn't lose a soldier in 18 months, not one until that horrible day. The most embarrassing day in the history of our country, I feel. And they left hostages behind. They left the equipment, but they left hostages, many, many hostages behind.
We will press forward. And together, we will win, win, win. [Applause, audience chants "Win"] Win. Win. Win. Win. Win. Win. Nothing will sway us, nothing will slow us, and no one will ever stop us. No matter what dangers come our way, no matter what obstacles lie in our path, we will keep striving toward our shared and glorious destiny, and we will not fail.
That's a lot of people. You don't want to vote for Nikki. Unlike DeSanctus and Nikki Haley, we will always protect Social Security and Medicare for our seniors. You know, you're going to be good. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not touching. You deserve that stuff, Medicare and Social Security. But remember this.
And they can make more money that way than they're going to make by sitting in some cubicle doing numbers which they might not be good at, but they may be really great at the other kinds of skills. And I will keep men out of women sports, if that's OK with you. I will fully uphold the Second Amendment, and unlike Democrats, I will not disarm law-abiding citizens while leaving guns in the hands of violent criminals.
We freed it up now you can buy a dishwasher and comes out and beautiful, go buy a dishwasher, go buy it. Those companies -- I said what's wrong with this thing, it doesn't clean the dishes, right? The women come up to me. The women who they say don't like me, they actually do like me a lot, OK. Suburban women, please vote for me.
And also, I think I'll start the speech by saying, as I was saying, but the crowd control expert said, "I've never seen" -- because they studied, they couldn't see the people here because of the camera was here, and we had many cameras, and it was -- you know, I mean, it was amazing. The whole thing was horrible.
And that's despite phony witch hunts, phony investigations, a phony impeachment based on a phone call that was absolutely perfect. That's despite a pandemic that was probably sent in by China, who the hell knows how it got here, and all over the world because China does not want to see me win. I can tell you that.
I'd have about seven. I'd have seven. And they would be mostly the protesters that were thrown out. [Inaudible]. Now, we can't take it. That's the problem with our country. Our country takes abuse from everybody. We don't do anything about it. When Vicente Fox gets angry because we are actually, telling him that, we're going to have a wall and we're going to build a wall and he's going to pay for it. He can't believe that this country is saying this to him.
Because the Freon you have to use the copper. So I said, "This is not good." So -- and you want one contiguous pour. So I had trucks based from -- literally from the rink, all the way back to Harlem -- all the way up -- way up to a 125th Street, cement mixers, and we poured it all in one day. It was 24 hours, they were pouring during the day, during the night.
So we want to hear ideas from Americans of all backgrounds and beliefs about how we can improve security at our schools, tackle the issue of mental health. Because this was a sick person -- very sick -- and we had a lot of warning about him being sick. This wasn't a surprise.
If I'm elected president, I'm going to keep Radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. [Audience chants "USA"] Isn't it great? How much we all love America. Isn't it great then? OK. We love our country. We will also stop the crisis of illegal immigration.
It's all different methods of -- very hard to cut it, very hard to do it when you have different substances. And then very powerful rebar inside. And what happened is, as soon as they came in, they sold it for $0.05 on the dollar. They sold this stuff for -- somebody made a lot of money because that steel is very valuable.
They sold your jobs out. They sold everything out. Globalist politicians allowed other countries to raid our factories, ravage our farms, rob our workers, and ransack our communities, but the era of economic surrender is over because now we are finally putting America first. America first. [Audience chants "USA"] Before I took office, Washington looked the other way, while China stole our secrets from American agriculture.
How are we doing? Huh? We're doing good, Andrew? Well, we better do good, you'll be fired so fast, Andrew. He said we're doing great, we are doing good. We're doing good. We should be doing good. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders.
A recent Gallup poll found that 56% of Americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago, under Obama and Biden.And if Biden and Kamala -- You don't have to say it. Kamala. Kamala. If Biden and Kamala Harris, who's further left by far than crazy Bernie Sanders, right? He's considered a strict conservative compared to her.How the hell did he ever pick her, Mike?
And I say it often, if you took the 10 worst Presidents in the history of the United States, think of it, the 10 worst, added them up, They will not have done the damage that Biden has done. I'm only going to use the term once. Biden, I'm not going to use the name anymore, just one time. The damage that he's done to this country is unthinkable.
So now a few hundred more weeks like this and we're going to be in great shape, but we've had a lot of fun doing it too. It's a pleasure to do it. We just rip down whatever they've done. It's almost like I want to just do one executive order, anything he signed is now terminated. It's easier than point after point after point.
Isn't that nice? And I said last night, I said so -- and your friends were there, the congressman -- By the way, is the media now -- and I'm pretty sure it's getting close. I think they have a lower approval rating than Congress. Congratulations. Nobody's hard. You know when you're sitting there, you're in businesses, you're in construction, you drive trucks, you do a lot of things, you're in offices, you don't realize, because you know you don't know what's happening.
Thank you. [Inaudible] Don't worry building the real wall. It will be a real wall and it will stop drugs from coming into our country. It will stop the poison, the poison drugs from coming into our country and totally poisoning our youth and plenty of others. Real change also means restoring honesty to government.
A lot of people outside can't get in, but we honor those people. Is that correct? [Applause]
I always say as an athlete, I'd always say, "would you rather practice or have natural talent?" I said, the best is both, right? But she's got a great natural talent. A great natural talent. She's very respected. But they believe -- both of them -- in America, and they believe in our values, and all that we stand for, and they understand this state.
So they're not really our friend and they're not really our enemy. But now I say differently, and I think this is very important, because the bad guys could take over Pakistan very easily, very quickly. It could happen very quickly. We wouldn't even know what's going on. They have nuclear weapons. They desperately need our money.
We're also very proud that unemployment among Native Americans has reached the lowest rate in nearly two decades. And we're building an amazing future for citizens of every background race, religion, color, and creed. And that's what we have, that's what we have: race, religion, color, and creed. But the radical left Democrats want to demolish everything that we've gained.
Some of them were actually smiling, but some of them just can't stand it honestly, some of them they can't take it. Can you imagine having to cover Elizabeth Warren before news? You know, I was watching during the campaign and Hillary was sitting right there and Pocahontas was up and she was so angry. Look. We love each other, the women, the men, we love each other, everybody loves -- She was so angry.
Steve, thank you very much. Thank you very much, Steve. And what a good man he is. He -- [Audience member calls out "We love you, Steve. My man."] he took some bad -- I went to the hospital to see him the night he got shot. The doctor told me he had a 15 percent chance. He had almost no chance, and he lived.
Crazy Bernie is like a conservative compared to her. She even, Kamala. You have to pronounce it exactly right otherwise she gets very upset even though she can't pronounce it right, you saw that the other -- I think that was actually, that was on the great Laura Ingraham show, actually I watched that. And I do believe Laura Ingraham is here some place.
You. Nobody. good. I love that. That's -- Oh, look at that one. You're going to love that one I guarantee you, I guarantee you're going to love that one. That's a keeper, that's a keeper, right? That's great, you'll love that one. Someday in a long time from now, that beautiful child does not have to worry about estate taxes, unless the Democrats do something in between, but we don't know.
And they understand it. And they understand it. Everybody understands it. Republicans believe our judges should interpret the Constitution as written. Democrats believe judges should be able to rewrite the Constitution, which they're doing all the time. Especially when it comes to the border. They end up writing rules and regulations that are worse than anything you've ever seen.
And in 2024, most importantly, we are going to take back our magnificent White House. We're going to take it back. But first we have to secure a massive victory for Tim Michels in this primary. So, go get your friends, go get your family, and go get out to vote. That's going to be a very important election.
He's going to be a great Senator, and he wants to see a major tax cut. I think I can speak for him, right? And your current Senator does not want to see a tax cut. That's not good. That's not good. Wants your taxes to go up. Secretary Mnuchin, who's doing such a fantastic job. Thank you.
And I will tell you that we will have a golden age. It just started. We have a golden age. And, you know, if you look at the Teamsters -- did you see the Teamsters? They voted. The rank-and-file voted for Trump. The firemen voted for Trump. The policemen and women voted for Trump. Amazing. [Applause] The firemen and women hadn't voted for a Republican ever.
Great players. A lot of future NFL players in that group, but it was really great. But the level of love and enthusiasm. And you know, Tim Walz, you know who he is, right? [Audience boos] I won't say which, but he went to a game. They booed him out of the place. He wanted to go home early. He wanted to get out of there.
It's so sad about the President. Uh, I wish he was going to win, but let's go out to dinner then we'll come home, and let's not bother voting, right? Let's not bother voting. You see it's a suppression, but we -- my people don't get suppressed. My people go out and vote. My people go out and vote. There's no suppression.
You look at what's happening. Corporate inversions, it's unbelievable. Pfizer, great company. They're very good with taking care of politicians. A great company. They get what they want. Remember this. The drug companies have tremendous power, whether it's Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson. The interesting thing is Pfizer is leaving with all their power, and they're leaving thousands and thousands of great jobs behind because the taxes are too high and because they can't get their money back into the country.
And there's many more. This was just a small sampling of the things that they found. And every story, these fake people, crooked people write, they say, "There is no evidence of election fraud." You ever see that? You read the papers. You're reading about this. Then they say, "While there's an election, there is no election fraud." While these claims are totally unsubstantiated, they are.
And that's nothing compared to what some of them are doing. It's a scam. And it should be stopped. And it's unfair to somebody like me that is spending my own money. And what happened, and I haven't talked about this before, but I mean, I'm seeing what's going on. It's horrible what's going on. What happened is last time when they had the super PACs, I actually think that was sort of a wall.
They rate polls too. They rate everything, but highly respected. Trump, 72. Haley, 9. Desanctimonious 9. So I'm at 72, there at 9,9. In Nevada, we are polling at approximately 100%. You know why? They all dropped out of the race, because they say they can't beat them in Nevada, so they dropped out. They don't want to spend their money there.
To all the people of Pennsylvania, I say, we are going to put the miners and the factory workers and the steel workers back to work. We're bringing our companies back. [Applause]
Teddy Roosevelt, Douglas MacArthur, George Patton, Amelia Earhart, Annie Oakley, Muhammad Ali, and so many other. So many others, far too many to name, lived their lives with pride, personality, and flair. God only created one of you. Remember that God created one of you. You're all different. Some are close, but nobody is the same.
We're doing great in the United States but when we sell a motorcycle to certain countries, we have as much as a 100% tax to pay." And I said, "tell me, when they sell back to us, meaning reciprocal, so when they sell back to us, what tax do we charge them?" The answer is zero. [Booing] Those days are going to be over very soon. [Applause] Unfortunately, like everything else, there are so many restrictions on doing what's right for our country, there's so much red tape, but don't worry, we're getting through it. The red tape, you would think we could just do it.
Thank you very much, Tennessee. And thank you for the honor of speaking here this afternoon. I'm thrilled to stand with you today, and I will be standing with you for many years to come. Together, we truly are making America great again. God bless you. God bless everyone. Thank you. Thank you very much. [Applause. The President moves to a signing table on the podium]
The heroin epidemic is beyond belief. In New Hampshire, a great place, that is where I realized the extent of what is going on. I met with the people of New Hampshire and they tell me, the biggest problem they have is heroin." I said
So, these people are into the electric thing. They may soften it up a little bit during the election. They're coming back and they're coming back stronger than ever. It's like Ron DeSanctimonious. He tried to destroy social security. Now he's trying to backpedal it a little bit. He wanted to bring the minimum age to 70. He wanted to destroy it. He also put a heavy hit on Medicare.
He hits her in the face. She didn't know what the hell hit her. It was like a horse. I never saw this before. She walked back to her corner. She said, "I just got hit with something. What happened?" They said, "Give it another try. Maybe he was just -- she was just lucky." Sorry. I could get in trouble for that.
Well, let see. We have the highest stock market in history. 401(k)s have broken every record in the history of the 401(k) world in terms of percentages up. I have friends -- they have 401(k)s, and their wives now think they're geniuses. They're investment geniuses. [Laughter]
There's $2.5 trillion offshore outside of this country. They can't get their money back because of the complexity of the code and because of the amount they have to pay. They're leaving and they're gonna go to the money. And they're gonna leave all the jobs and they're gonna get lower taxes. We can't let this happen.
We don't need the cars from outside. When they say, oh, sir, we want to send you a lot of cars. I said we really don't want your cars; we really don't want -- we want to make our own cars. That includes Canada, that includes Mexico who have taken tremendous -- a tremendous amount of our business. Canada has taken off a tremendous like 10, 12 percent.
They're destroying our country." "No, no, no, we will not do that." I said, "Yes, you will." "No, you won't." I said, "Here's the story." Right before me, and I had it. It was a Thursday. I said, "On Monday morning, I'm giving you a long time, at 8 o'clock in the morning -- I think it's at eight. You will be charged a tariff of 25% on all cars and all Mexican product coming into the United States." "No, no, no, that is not right." I said, "No, it is right.
We did things that nobody has ever seen before. Before we defend the borders of foreign countries, we must secure the border of our country. It's very simple. I will deploy the U.S. Navy to impose a fentanyl blockade, and we did that previously, and we were knocking that out. You wouldn't believe it. They were having a lot of problems.
All of this is possible because the people of this state have made a decision. They chose to make Indiana competitive again. They chose, and their choice was so important. It included electing a governor, who you may have heard of -- [Laughter] -- who signed the largest income tax cut in the state's history, our very, very terrific person and terrific Vice President, Mike Pence. [Applause]
I love it. I love the smell of a construction site, right? There's just something about it. And, you know, we didn't always get -- although, in this case, we did nicely -- but we didn't always get the union leadership of the big unions. But we got the workers. We got the workers.
It'll cause problems. Then finally, I said, I'll tell you what, who's calling? A king. Who's calling? An Emir. Who else is calling? Prime Ministers, Presidents. In one case, a Queen. I was thinking about taking her call, but I [Inaudible]. And I said, no, no, no, what are they calling about? They want to talk you out of moving in the capital of Israel to Jerusalem.
In fact, I don't know if we can really survive five more months. This is the most dangerous time in the history of our country, in my opinion. And we have a transition period because hopefully there has to be a transition. We've never been so close to World War III before. And if it happens, it will be a war like no other.
It's called equal time. You can't have equal time. It's ridiculous. In other words, if I do this and you do Apprentice, you have to give everybody that's running the chance to do The Apprentice. Somehow I don't think NBC is going to love that idea. Do you believe it? Because you know what we're running with, right?
And, and I just see the sign, housing equals jobs"
We're not changing the date. We have a massive anniversary, and our country deserves it, especially what it's going through now. This is what we must do to restore our country to greatness. The USA is a total mess. Our economy is crashing, inflation is out of control. China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea are formed together as a menacing and destructive coalition.
And he was, he was a great Prime Minister and a great guy and he's a friend of ours. And uh, he was, of course he had a medical difficulty, but I'll tell you what, what a fabulous guy. But, we had, I mean what you're doing in Michigan has been amazing. Now, you gotta get your governor to open up your state, okay.
Maybe the attitude will be tougher. But the words will be softer. You know, I tell people, I'm like, you know, it's real easy. I can be so politically correct. I've been. I go to Palm Beach. I own a great place in Palm Beach. We have the great society people in Palm Beach. They always want me sitting next to them for a lot of reasons, right?
We're going to protect these companies, so they don't leave us like they have been doing for 50 years. And we'll also pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. That's if China or any other country charges us 100 or 200 percent tariff or tax, then we will charge them a like 100 or 200 percent tariff or tax.
Fiancee, you know, wonderful fiancee. She was totally radicalized, maybe radicalized him. Maybe he was already that way. But we got to -- I think we have to start using our head. Bad stuff is happening. We have to find out what's going on. We have a president who won't even talk about the term. If you think, he won't even mention anything to do with what we all know is going on and you can't solve the problem.
I wa- -- I was watching him. I was very impressed actually. It showed he had a big heart. Every single American should take a long, hard look at the twisted soul and dark spirit of anyone who would want to kill a young man as good as Charlie. To kill anybody, but to kill a man like this, he didn't deserve this.
And the reason they didn't fight back too much, they don't want to lose their pension, they don't want to lose their job because we've become so politically correct, everybody's afraid to do anything now, but they did a good job. [Audience shouts "Boo"] The puppet, Biden who's just controlled so strongly wants you to cancel weddings, funerals, and school, but has no problem with thousands of so-called peaceful protesters cramming into your streets, mugging people, hurting people, robbing stores, looting stores, burning down storefronts.
And they come see me a number of months ago. "Please do "The Apprentice." Please -- they won't deny it. They won't deny it. I said I can't. I can't. I want to make America great again. I've done "The Apprentice" now for 12 years, and it's a great show. For 12 years, there have been 14 or 15 copies of "The Apprentice." Every one have failed, every single one.
I believe that. I think we have a chance of doing it. Right? And in January 2027, we will have a larger Republican House, a larger Republican Senate and our country will be richer, safer, stronger, prouder, greater freer than ever before. I really think that we're going to have some big victories coming up and I'm going to be helping every single one of you.
I know the kid. He's a good kid, but he becomes harder. You know, you become hardened, and he got a little bit harder. You may have noticed in his speech, the anger. He gets angry because what happened to him was so bad. So, they know the story is fake. They know the deal is made up. They know it's a witch hunt.
The people of Ohio will never let us down. The people of our country will never let us down. We will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never, ever surrender. My fellow Americans, our movement is far from over. In fact, our fight has only just begun.
The other -- remember this, the numbers sound good because they're called bounce-back jobs. We had a pandemic. People were laid off. And this is common for ages. When a pandemic goes, you have bounced back the businesses. And had we not done what we did with money, probably some of you benefited, but we would have been in a 1929-style depression.
and now she's gonna tell you how to get rid of Isis she's gonna tell you how
I don't like to see that. It's bad for your health. He was so angry. They were talking about him and he was scowling. And his wife put her hand on his shoulder and he didn't move. And she took it off because she could see -- you know why? He sold his soul to the devil. Trying. He sold his soul to the devil.
Those who seek to erase our heritage want Americans to forget our pride and our great dignity, so that we can no longer understand ourselves or America's destiny. In toppling the heroes of 1776, they seek to dissolve the bonds of love and loyalty that we feel for our country, and that we feel for each other. Their goal is not a better America, their goal is the end of America. [Audience Boos]
So, they're going to hire all Mexican people, which is fine. And those people are going to get jobs, which is fine. People in Michigan, people from our country, out. Tennessee, the same thing, by the way. A big plant that was going to happen in Tennessee decided at the last moment they're going to move to Mexico.
Everything I've accomplished, I have done by putting together a really fantastic team, including Governor Mike Pence of Indiana, who has done an incredible... [Applause]
Pittsburgh was very corrupt, they say, but think of it, more votes than you had voters. That's a pretty easy one. We don't have to go into a lot of detail. That's a pretty easy one. In Pennsylvania, thousands of voters reported receiving at least two ballots in the mail, and many others reported receiving mail-in ballots without requesting them.
And all of a sudden, the last moment, they decided to go to Mexico. It's going to be built now in Mexico by a big German car company. And Tennessee is great, and the people were great. They all thought they had it, and at the last moment, goes to Mexico. So, I said to myself, "Wow, 2.5 billion." And they're going to make cars and trucks and parts, and they're going to send them into the United States, no tax, no nothing.
In rough seas, at high speeds, our incredible Coast Guard snipers take their aim at the smugglers' engines. And time after time, they take out the motors on the first shot. They don't like wasting the bullets, right? [Applause] They actually don't. Your slice through roaring storms, and through pouring rain and crashing waves is a place where few other people will ever venture -- exciting. Exciting. But you have to have it in your heart. You have to love it. You love it.
Look at Nancy Pelosi. San Francisco's going to hell and she's in Congress saying what we should be doing. Look at the homeless problem in San Francisco. Look at what's happening in San Francisco and then she's telling us about the post office. She has no clue and I must tell you this, does she love our country?
I don't want them to go down, but they're down close to 30% in three months. I don't want that. I want them to do well. I want to be their friend. But we had to do things that we had to do.
And I assume we're going to be talking about that at the debate. Is anybody going to be watching the debate in this room? They gave me an offer that I couldn't accept. They said it's fake. Tapper is the moderator. They said. They said it's a sit down. It's a very sterile room, nobody allowed in. Nobody allowed, not even your family.
How about that? That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit late-term abortion to babies because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God. And then you have the governor of Virginia. The baby is born, the baby is born and he says, and then you go over and start talking to the mother as to whether or not you execute the baby.
I got it done immediately, and by the way, as far as the capital of Israel, Jerusalem they have been talking about many, manyPresidents. They all promised it. Nobody did it I did it we get things done. And we just did something that is incredible even the New York Times gave it good reviews I cannot -- good reviews, beyond good reviews.
It's really great to be with you. These crowds are incredible. These crowds are incredible. These crowds are -- I mean, you can't see it from here. There are people on that side that go all the way down, longer than football fields. Way over there. We're also joined by many incredible patriots from the great state of Alabama.
You came from all over, you voted, they didn't know you, they didn't know you folks existed in many cases, the invisible people. And you know what you are? You're the smartest, you're the hardest working, you're paying your taxes. You do all of this stuff, great jobs, great talents, you're the best looking people, that's for sure.
And this was from an illegal that came in through Kamala. And that won't be the last one. It'll only get worse. It's going to get so bad that it won't be sustainable. We have to get these people out. We got to get them out of here, OK? We got to get them out of here fast. [Audience member calls out "Out of here"] Now, the fake news would say, "Oh, he's such a mean person."
Even CNN is saying this guy is amazing. [Laughter] I couldn't believe it. I said did CNN really say that? Because nobody watches so nobody was able to confirm it, [Laughter] but it was pretty amazing. Oh, the camera just went off, so it's always tough. Usually you get them by surprise. But I just want to thank everybody.
Everyone is calling it the -- I don't want to say this. It's too braggadocious, but we'll say it anyway, the Trump effect. It's you. You're the effect. Since the election, the stock market has surged, and small business optimism has soared, a record 41 points to a 39-year high. Bitcoin has shattered one record high after another.
We will defeat Crooked Joe Biden, and we will drain the swamp once and for all. The great silent majority is rising like never before, I mean, never before. It's never been. I don't believe it's ever been like this. I said it twice tonight. I'll say it again. We have never had anything like it. The spirit, the love, the passion.
Oh, she's not going to concede. She's not going to concede. Of course, having her, I think, might be better than having your existing governor, if you want to know the truth. Might very well be better. But when she says that, no problem. When crooked Hillary Clinton says, don't ever concede, but she conceded.
And I said this is war and they were going at it. And they're two nuclear nations. I said I'm not going to make any trade deals with you guys unless you agree to peace. No way, this has nothing to do. I said it has everything to do; you're nuclear powers. I'm not trading with you; we're not making any deals with you if you're at war with each other.
If you have crappy children, the hell with them, don't give them anything. True. We used to talk about it. We got rid of the estate tax on your farm, so now instead of what used to happen before me. Because it's not that liquid a business, it's like other things, it's a good business but it's not that liquid.
She had a mask that went up to here. I don't know if it was three masks or one, but it was the biggest mask I've ever seen. But I'll never forget. I watched. And I said, "that's said." I said, "He's going to be killed by the media." Then I turned on to fake news: CNN and MSDNC and they said -- Fox hasn't been so great either.
Whatever happened to Russia, Russia, Russia? Remember the 51 intelligence agents? They said, "No, no, the laptop from hell. It's Russia." No, it was Hunter. It was Hunter. Remember that? We had to go two and a half years. And then they finally said all right. The Mueller -- remember Mueller? He said, in millions of phone calls, Trump didn't make one to Russia.
And they also want to make our jet fighters with a green stamp of energy savings. They're losing 15% efficiency but allowing us to keep our enemies atmosphere clean of emissions as we viciously and unceremoniously attack them at levels never seen before. Who are these people that would do this to us? Who are these people who would ruin our country?
What that is, is very simple. If you look at the glitch, the glitch means, "Oh, we got caught. We got caught with the votes and now let's just call it a glitch." It wasn't the machinery. By the way, the machinery, if you look, just take a look anywhere on the internet, you will see many, many people where they're experimenting with this stupid machinery, where if you set it a certain way, the votes go from Trump to Biden.
And your mother is voting for trump! She's voting for Trump. It's true. It's true.
For four years, they've been trying to get us out of office. For years, they've been trying to get us out, but we'll take care of it all after the election. We caught them cold, we caught them cold, bad people, crooked Hillary. And by the way, Obama and Biden knew everything that was happening, OK? Just in case you had any questions.
Right. Raid Chappaqua, only a Hispanic could say that. Who said that? Stand up, sir. Raid Chappaqua. That's a very interesting idea. But because they know we're right, and we will win, and we will continue to win at every level, and that's what we've been doing. But I wanted you to just give that as a little brief statement when you think of the unfair table setting, when you think of how unfairly we've been treated, we, as a group, have been treated.
That is why shortly after my inauguration, I directed Secretary of Defense Mattis and my national security team to undertake a comprehensive review of all strategic options in Afghanistan and South Asia.
Americans defied evil and hatred with courage and love.
And this is what we have. It's time for Democrat leaders in Washington to take responsibility for the disaster they and they alone created. [Applause] Remember when President Obama said if you like your plan you can keep your plan, if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor? [Booing]
He wanted my endorsement. He was getting his ass kicked. The people of Kentucky liked Donald Trump, and I liked them, and I was leading by a lot, and he came to see me. He was losing by two to somebody named Amy McGrath. A good politician, she had $93 million ready to go. He's down by two, and he is going to go down all the way, and he comes over to see me. And he practically begs me for an endorsement, and would I do a television commercial for him?
Let's see, that's $10, $12. They want to keep it under $950. What a -- can you imagine being able to steal a thousand dollars worth of stuff and you're not going to be prosecuted? She even lied to the American people about Joe Biden's cognitive abilities, a great disservice to the American people. Think of it.
Hillary Clinton wants a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees.
He did incredible. He's also incredible. [Applause]  He's doing great. And the state's going great -- AAA bond rating -- doing great.
We're not going to have any more protesters. [Applause] So in Chicago we had 25,000, we had 3,000 or 4,000 protesters. They all came at the exact same time, which means it's an organized deal. And it's organized by the group that endorsed Bernie. But -- and you know, they said, oh well, no. But then they came out and they said they did it, moveon.org.
That's why I don't really care about all the bitter attacks, all the phony stuff going on. Big media, special interests, phonies all. They are not here to protect you. They are only here to preserve and to protect themselves. And you are finding that out.
Early voting is underway so make sure you send in your ballot. We cannot take a chance of blowing it. We can not take a chance. We have something, we're so close, it's a movement like they've never seen in this country before, never, ever seen. Don't blow it on November 8th. [Applause]
Thank you. What a great job. You're going to be there a long time. Thanks as well to, I think one of the hottest politicians in the United States of America and has become a friend of mine. Lieutenant Governor Mark Robinson, thank you Mark. Thank you, Mark. Great. Your incredible, incredible wife, thank you very much, Mrs Robinson.
And it's been incredible. Nobody ever thought that could happen to the extent it's happened. It is revitalized areas and created jobs like nobody thought would be possible. To draw investment to these impoverished communities, we slashed the capital gains tax in Opportunity Zones to zero because people are coming in with very, you know, what would have been high risk money and now they're coming in and they're thrilled and they're coming in with more and more.
But change maker -- she's a change maker. So she's been doing this for like 30 years plus and she's going to be a change maker, right? She's not going to change because the special interests and her lobbyists will never ever let her change, believe me. They will never let her change even if she wanted to and she doesn't want to , okay?
It's a tough job when you do it right, but that's what they want. They love the country. This is just a great group. I've gotten to know them so well over the years. I did call them a lot and we had the safest border. We put down my all-time favorite chart. Without that chart, I wouldn't be standing here, Dan. [Audience responds affirmatively]
With your help, your devotion, and your drive we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Michigan, we have made America powerful again.
That's a lot. You'd almost say, who the hell would vote for this guy if the whole thing is such a mess? But they have a natural constituency. What can I tell you? You know who the constituency is. And a lot of that constituents are like unions as an example. A lot of them are voting for us. Maybe the top guy who's a, you know, natural taken care of by the Democrats.
And America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. That's what's happening. NASA is the, again, the leading space station anywhere in the world. There's nothing like us, space center, and what we've done, and there was growing on the runways when I took over three and a half years ago.
Where's Don Young? He's such a quiet guy. Where Is Don? [Laughter] Don Young, also. Don, thank you.
But we get you the money. We get you the money. But they've spent almost $8 trillion now in the Middle East. Terrible. Terrible thing. But we're doing tremendous work, and a lot of our soldiers are coming back home. You see it. You see what's happening: They're all coming back. They weren't meant to be law enforcement.
Protection will lead to great prosperity and strength. I will fight for you with every breath in my body. And I will never ever let you down.
You know, we have a movement going on like they've never seen before in this country. Drain the swamps, you've gotta a drain the swamp" sign back there
They don't want borders. They want to have this country and what would happen would be our country would be overwhelmed with illegal immigration coming in. Your jobs, crime would go through the roof. And now, as I said, we have the strongest southern border in the history of our country. Over 400 miles of wall.
Elon talks about caring. Caring is very important, and they have to care. If they care, they'll say, no, no, I'll pay you -- they'll send you a bill for $10,000 and you say, nope, I'll give you $5,000. And they'll say, no way, no way, no way and you'll end up paying $6,000 or $7,000 or something, but all you have to do is care a little bit and try and get it down.
We're also going to eliminate tax breaks and complex loopholes taken advantage by the wealthy. Who are they? I don't know. [Laughter] I think my accountants are going crazy right now. It's alright. Hey look, I'm president. I don't care. I don't care anymore. [Applause] Some of my wealthy friends care. Me, I don't care. This is a higher calling. Do we agree? [Applause] As Hillary said, "What difference does it make?"" [Laughter]"
So, the money is stuck offshore, billions and billions and trillions of dollars. So, what -- in my tax plan -- by the way, I have a great tax plan that's been -- Larry Kudlow loves it. A lot of people, they think it's great. It's the biggest cut. But it's giving cuts to the middle class. Our middle class is being destroyed in this country.
I've always been in politics. People said, well, he's not -- you know, for three months I've been a politician. Can you believe it? It's so embarrassing. I'm a politician. I never want to be a politician. But at some point, I said, we're going to make our country great again. I mean, we're gonna do it. So had to do it. But Kevin is a nice guy and I just hope now that they find somebody that's gonna be, you know, have those qualities where we can negotiate, where we can use that debt ceiling that's coming up very rapidly and do something really, really significant.
I've been in this for 20 years and it used to be so incredible. And now it's like a different world. The equipment, the way it's maintained, everything. It's like a different world. And I just have to say, just to interrupt what I'm going to be talking about, I have to say, we're going to make our military bigger and better and stronger than ever before.
And the real median earnings of female workers in America has decreased by $1,154 from 2007-2014. That's a short period of time. Median household incomes are now more than $4,000 less than they were in 2000 before we opened our markets to China. Hey, I give China a lot of credit. I have great relationships.
I will renegotiate NAFTA, I will defend your jobs, and I will bring back vehicle production to the United States of America.
It would've never happened. It would've never happened, the war in Ukraine, all those people that are dead, all those cities that are destroyed, all those magnificent domes, golden domes that are laying on their sides, smashed to smithereens. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III 100 percent.
And I was doing well so I got invited to the party. I was very young, and I go in -- but I'm in the real estate business -- and I see 100 people, some of whom I recognize and they're big in the entertainment business. And I see, sitting in the corner, was a little old man who was all by himself.
And so, when Biden picked her, I was shocked because nobody treated him so badly as her. But let's take a look at the real Kamala Harris. [Begin videotape]
And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all, and it will be stopped. And again, we're going to let people into our country, but they're going to come into our country legally. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation. Once again, everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope.
So whether it's matter of national security, or financial security, we can't afford to keep on going like this. We owe $19 trillion in debt, and no longer have options.
No, he's an animal. He's an animal. And two weeks ago, at my direction, the United States military delivered another historic win for American justice. Our brave warriors launched a flawless precision strike that killed the world's No. 1 terrorist, Qasem Soleimani, Qasem Soleimani. He was the mastermind of the roadside bomb.
If we didn't have them, we'd never be able to get the bad ones out of our country. They're tough, and they love our country. She vowed repeatedly to ban fracking. She wants to ban fracking in Pennsylvania and all over the country, until about a year ago when she said, "Oh, I love fracking very much." As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes.
It harasses American ships and threatens freedom of navigation in the Arabian Gulf and in the Red Sea. It imprisons Americans on false charges. And it launches cyberattacks against our critical infrastructure, financial system, and military.
I mean China is great but I don't hold it against China. I hold it against the stupidity of our leadership to allow China to get away with this. And then on top of it all, to show the lack of respect they have for our country, they go into the South China Sea and they're building one of the great fortresses of the world for landing airplanes, for docking their ships, their military ships and yet they're making a fortune with us. They take our money, they take our jobs.
Horrible thing. We saw this story. Big story. Happening all over the country in what was described as one of the most brutal murders the police had ever seen. One of the policemen, I saw him on television, he said, "I've been doing this for 20 years. I've seen horrible, horrible murders. I've never seen anything like this." They were riding their bicycle.
We have -- But this is not -- This is no longer freedom of the press. This is suppression of the press and we have some very powerful people right here. We cannot let this go on. It's suppression. It's un -- unthinkable what's going on. And yet they'll write the littlest thing of somebody else does anything or do -- doesn't have to do it.
You know, when I was in West Virginia, I met incredible people and a lot of miners. And I said to them, did you ever think of maybe moving to another area and going into another profession?
I told you, we're going to build another 200, and they didn't want to do it. Now, I have a thing if you want. Has anybody ever heard The Snake? This has to do with the border, and this has to do now with Israel because of what happened. If you are -- should I do it or not? [Audience responses "Yeah"]
We just finished our big deal with Japan. We just did our deal with South Korea. That was so bad, those deals -- and we made them into great deals, fair deals, and if they don't want to make the deals, I say that's OK, we're just going to tariff your product that pours into our country like they do to us. But we are enacting trade deals that result In more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA.
So we got -- listen to this. It never gets reported by these fakers. We got $130 million more, more, not total, more, going to over three years, $400 billion, so we're going from $130 billion, with a B, not million, to $400 billion, and they said to me -- they said to me, a very nice guy head of one of the countries at a table.
And hence you have people going all over the world. Look at the problems in Germany, look at the crime. I have friends in Germany that for years they'd say, "The greatest country. The greatest country." They love Germany. Now, they're saying, "We're leaving." They were leaving Germany. Look what they've done to different -- look at Brussels.
And I always allowed the governors, some did a great job, and some didn't do a good job. You look at Governor Noem of South Dakota, where I just left. She's done a fantastic job. And you look at Henry McMaster, Governor McMaster of South Carolina, did a fantastic job, kept his states open. And some did, some didn't. But the ones that really did horrible jobs were Democrat governors, I think just about every one of them, and we're not going to let it happen.
We have to break. We have to bring Trump back. They would be out of business. They would be out of business. Biden, Harris and the radical left gained power. They will collapse our economy and send your nation, this wonderful nation, into a depression. That was is what you know, they want it. This is the only guy I've ever seen who runs by saying we will he doesn't say like that.
I've had teleprompters. You know, I was in Ohio. In fact, our great senator, yeah, from North Dakota, you were there or somebody that's gonna win, it think. Bernie Moreno. You know, we had 45, we had 45 mile an hour winds. We had 25, 28,000 people. By the way, New Jersey last week, we had 107,000 people. That's a poll, right?
They've been great. They take them back. How many would you like us to take? We'll take as many as you want and here's the big thing, ready? You read it today in the newspapers. In the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, we won the big, big, beautiful lawsuit, where they were all suing us. The wall is being built.
The unemployment rate for women is going, and I'm telling you, within a very short period of time. You're going to see some statistics coming out on one statistics. I got to do it right. Otherwise, they'll say, "What's wrong?" You know, if you go 16 of these and if you mispronounce one word, they'll say, "What's wrong?" Statistics for women that are going to be unbelievable.
We wanted to get them out. We took them out by the thousands. And we took, as an example, the MS-13 gangs out. The countries didn't want to let them back in. And I said, "Well, then we're not giving you any money." We give them so much money. In this case, $793 million. I said, "That's OK. We're not going to give you any money." And they said, "We'd be glad to have MS-13 coming back into our country, be an honor." And they took them back, but they wouldn't take them back under Obama.
It was just reported that a man deported from our country 10 times in six years has been charged with raping a 12-year old girl. In August, Texas Police arrested a serial illegal immigrant rapist who had been deported five times, including one 68 year-old woman with a cane who took his offer to drive her home. He left her on the side of a dirt road.
So it's maybe, it's a little bit different. But I will say African-American, great relationship. Hispanic, a really good relationship and I think people are going to see that as we progress. One of the things that both groups really like is the fact I'm going to create jobs. Nobody's going to create jobs.
The most powerful ships in the world. The most powerful boats. The most powerful weapon in the world is our submarines, and they're under construction. And we just hope to God that we never have to use them. We hope that we never have to use them, and we do. And the way we won't have to use them is if the power is so great that nobody's ever going to say, "Gee -- " You know, we learned that a long time ago.
Yeah, I did hold back. I thought it was just inappropriate to say what I was really thinking I would say. And I held back I think for good reason -- I think for good reason. I'd much rather have it be on policy and I didn't like getting into the gutter and so I did hold back. I also, I mean honestly, this was, you know, the commission, the so-called commission on presidential debates. Give me a break. Did you see where they came from? One of them comes from the Hillary camp, the head person.
And we continue to look at the fraud. And things are happening on a daily basis like nobody would believe it was a fraudulent election, and the proof is beyond anybody's wildest expectation. We are just eight months away from what could be the most important midterm election in American history. Our country is at stake, and we need a landslide so big that the radical Democrats cannot rig or steal the election, very much like the landslide we had -- nice swing you have.
Enough is enough. The Clintons are a very dishonest and a very bad period. I mean Bill Clinton was impeached for lying. He totally lied. He lost his law license. Remember this. You know some people thought Hillary was smart. I don't think she's smart. Look, how badly she performed in the last debate. Look, I thought she was terrible.
I have friends that call me, could you give me a reference to a bank? I say why would you need a reference, you got a good business. They said, no
They didn't write the statute they were making the decision about because every word of the statute is a total kill for the other side. So I thought I would read it. And here's what it says. This is what it says: "Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens or any class of aliens into the United States" -- okay. So essentially. Whenever somebody comes into the United States. Right.
And they go into Mexico. They going to every place. And I guess today, the top story on Drudge is China's upset with the fact that I'm talking about them negatively from a financial standpoint, that I've mentioned the fact that they're ripping us off. And so I responded. I think you'll like actually the response.
Now I hear, "If we -- " not me, if we win, look at these fans. By the way, there are thou -- Look, look at this thing, it's packed this convention hall. Now, I wish I wish the cameras would spin around and show those upper decks where you can't even get on, but on top of that there are thousands of people outside.
And there's something very true about that and they actually study it in the business books in a lot of the business schools. I think including the Wharton School of Finance, number one business school. So we have a lot of -- we have a lot of things have happened since we, since we made this journey. You know, I journeyed forth and it takes guts to run for pride.
These are people that love our country. Believe me. But they endorsed me very early, earliest they've ever given. And we are going to save our Second Amendment and appoint justices to the Supreme Court of the United States who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. It is time to cut our ties with the failed politicians of the past.
If they charge us, we charge them, very simple. They charge us, we charge them. And I think you're doing great on it, Sean, and I appreciate it, man. Great job. But he's the tree climbing, you know, these characters to go up the trees then they come down. He said, "No, going up isn't the hard part, it's coming down because if you miss you're dead." And he said he's missed about four times.
And I know they're going to be very much involved during the election period. It used to be one day. Now, it's, you know, two months. It used to start like Election Day, meant election day. Now, it means, you know, two and a half months before the election begins, it starts. But it starts actually pretty much on September 6th. That's North Carolina, Pennsylvania's -- think of that.
Look at them. [Audience boos] Look, oh! [Audience boos] Hello, John Roberts! He's been very nice to us. John Roberts has been very nice to us. Thank you, John. But John, there's never been a phrase "we love you" in the history of politics. I don't care where you go. And it happens. And I love you too. I do, I love you too.
Well, we have a great new attorney general, who is going to give it a very fair and very fair. You've always been loyal to this nation. Now, you finally have a President who is loyal to you. It's taking a long time. Your dreams and my dreams, your hopes or my hopes and your future is what I'm fighting for each and every day.
Crooked Joe and his payday with the Biden family, they raked in millions and millions of dollars. You see what's going on. The news doesn't really report it. Very little news reports it. But it was the men and women who got -- Every single day, they got up and came back home with grease in their hands, and they were the ones that paid the price.
He's an excellent person, great man, and we appreciate it, and the reason is that our Democrats won't even approve things called loopholes. They're loopholes. That's a horrible name, right? That means it's a loophole. That means you can come in illegally and lots of things, catch and release. You catch him then you got to release them.
We're going to shove it, we're going to win anyway. I wonder what it would've been. I wonder what it would've been if all of the nonsense wasn't brought up. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Looking tremendous in Florida so of course they don't mention that. You know, Florida the, we are looking good.
Her relationship to the people of Ohio has been incredible. And she has taken the state by storm and I'm very proud of her. Madison, please, stand up. Get out and vote for her. Great job, Madison. And a man who at another Ohio rally, I'll never forget this one. Yeah, JR. You know who I'm talking about. JR Majewski.
You got some contractors over here. They're laughing because they know exactly what I'm saying, don't you? Biden terminated our asylum agreements instituted nationwide. Catch and release crippled ICE. These are great patriots, ICE, tough. I wouldn't want that job. That guy with the beautiful jacket on, come here.
And I say these words to you, and you've heard these words before, in some cases many times before, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America, despite what you're seeing today so sad and so pathetic, we will make America proud again.
And we will not let them do it. We're going to close it up and we're not going to let them. And if you want to come into the country, you can, but you have to come in legally. You have to come in legally. A vote for crooked Joe is a vote to turn the United States into a hotbed of jihadists and make our cities into dumping grounds very much resembling the Gaza Strip.
And then they have a rebar that's the toughest steel made, very hard to cut. So, this is why very little is cut, I mean it's right --. And then they put an anti-climb panel on top. I hated it. I said it's so unattractive. And I said why would that work? I don't believe it works. And I went to watch; the Border Patrol gave a display.
37. So let me ask you, was that as goaltender, because that was incredible, was that the greatest game you ever played? You've had a lot of great games. Was that the greatest game you have ever played?
There's so many cars and trucks going through, but Mexico's paying for it, and they've been great. They have 27,000 soldiers right now on our border and we appreciate it. We appreciate the President of Mexico. Our opponents will send your jobs to China. I will keep your jobs in America. Our opponents want to erase our nation's core values and I want to defend, preserve our nation's historic values.
Watching these parents tell their children about Hillary Clinton's attacks. [Applause] Let me ask you this question, is there any place in America more fun to be than a Trump rally, right? Right? No place. No place. Watching these parents tell their children about Hillary's attacks.
Here is the thing. That was a big one. Mike is doing a great job. The most liberal senator even sponsored the Green New Deal $100 trillion. You know, it started off at 100 trillion, then 106, now they have it down to six trillion. Now what's that six trillion? And by the way of it was, he couldn't afford it.
And he said, "That's not fair. That's not fair." I said, "Listen, it's not fair that you're taxing our companies more than other countries companies. So, to me, it's very fair." I told him -- and I was very late. I think I was probably working on one of the hoaxes or something that keeps you busy. The Democrat scams and hoaxes.
I used to go around New Hampshire more than any state and you'd say, sir, the state is infested. You said, sir, we're like a drug den. You tell me, and I didn't really see it, and then I met with the police officers and fire departments and all the people that do, and you just seem to have a bigger problem -- and by the way, the wall is being built.
And I'm pleased to report that the United States Congress is on the verge of passing the largest tax cut and regulation cut in American history. We think we're in good shape to get that. And if we get that, that will be like a rocket ship for our country. In the first quarter of the year, the investment in America was up an astounding 22 percent.
As bad as President Obama is, Hillary Clinton will be worse. She'll escalate the war against the American worker like never before and against American energy, and she'll unleash the EPA to control every aspect of our lives and every aspect of energy. They'll make it impossible for the worker, for the owners.
We're going to get them out of here first, and we're going to work with local police. They know everything about them. They know their names, they know their serial numbers, they know everything. Our local police are phenomenal. We just have to let them do their job. And starting on day one, we will end inflation and make America affordable again.
Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, is weak, ineffective, pandering, and as proven by her recent email scandal, which was an embarrassment not only to her, but to the entire nation as a whole. She's either a liar or grossly incompetent, one or the other, very simple. Personally, it's probably both. Not only am I the law and order candidate, but I'm also the candidate of compassion, believe it, the candidate of compassion.
There's nothing silent. Everywhere I go we have the biggest crowds. I mean, we left Oklahoma 15,000 -- 20,000. Dallas Texas' Mark Cuban's arena where the Mavericks play, we had 20,000. Moby, Alabama we had 35,000. I go to Iowa. I go to New Hampshire, no matter where -- South Carolina. Unbelievable crowds all over.
ABC, Washington Post poll, it's a terrible poll, always been bad. I think it got everything wrong four years ago. They said I'm four up or more, but I'm four up in the state of Florida. So anyway, so we went to Miami, went to a beautiful place actually in Miami. You know where that is, right? And we had -- we had -- I wouldn't say because then they'll say I'm advertising if I do, that's the fake news.
Don't get scared. So they have to keep that section of the floor and they're sending away hundreds of people because they can't -- now would you rather take your chance and let the floor collapse? Yes, all right, let them come in. Well my first, you know, I'm very good at construction so my first question is, "How deep is it?" and it's only a well.
But you know what? When they start talking about this friendly, wonderful transition and then you see what they put us through, it's really very hypocritical, isn't it? Huh? On November 3rd, we must finish the job and drain that very deep and very nasty swamp once and for all. So, get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and get your co-workers, even get your boss.
Of course, having a good few years like that isn't so bad. But what happened is he bought back his company, and he bought back a lot of empty land. And he worked hard in getting it zoning, and he worked hard on starting to develop. And in the end he failed, and he failed badly. Lost all of his money. He went personally bankrupt, and he was now much older. And I saw him at a cocktail party, and it was very sad because the hottest people in New York were at this party.
Get a bill on my desk, and I will sign it into law immediately. [Congress chants "H.R. 3"]
Same thing happens with the military. We're going to build our military so strong but we're buying equipment and we're buying things that our generals don't even want. We're buying things that they don't want. We're buying planes they don't instead of another one because that company has better lobbyists and they're stronger.
You had a lot of money. You done that." He said, "I have one problem." What? He has stage fright. I said, "Stage fright. That doesn't sound good." If you have stage fright -- I told him, "If you have stage fright, this is the wrong business for you." But we feel comfortable together, right, you know? People say, "How do you do that?
If we had 10%, look at what those two people did two months ago. Radicalized people. They killed 14 people. Two people, young people, they killed 14 and plenty of people right now lying in the hospital, gravely wounded. Look at Paris 130 people killed. Now, the strongest gun laws anywhere in the world is France and Paris.
Nobody is supposed to question them. You have Gavin Newscum, who's a governor of California -- [Audience boos] And he just signed a bill. And in signing the bill, you know what it says? If you're an official, if you're anybody, you are not allowed, under any circumstances, to ask whether or not somebody has voter ID.
But here we are. We win every state. And then we won the election, and then we did much better the second time. The second time, we got millions and millions of more votes. Somebody said, "How did you do?" Do you know the second time, and this is them not me, the second time it's recorded as the most votes ever gotten in the history of our country by a sitting president.
The Republicans are beating the Democrats with Hispanic Americans. Think of that. No, we're doing great. We're doing great and they never liked to show those polls. Whenever you see they don't show too many polls, that's only because we're winning. We're winning by a lot. We think we're winning by, like, a lot.
These little facts of wisdom? So you had to be a general, I guess an admiral and all. But there were no admirals, 8% generals and 92, think of that, 92% politicians. I said, "I don't care. I mean, it doesn't matter to me. I'm going to give it a shot." And I announced and immediately went to number one and stayed there for a long time.
I don't know if you saw yesterday, I felt very badly for them. China had a crash yesterday in their stock market. You know why? Because I won Iowa. It's true, it crashed. So when people say, "Oh." I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. And literally, as soon as those numbers started coming in yesterday, they had a crash, one of the worst numbers that they've had in years.
And we have it. I didn't lose one soldier in 18 months. I spoke to the head of the Taliban, Abdul. I said, "Abdul, don't do it." Anyway, I can't go exactly, because it's not nice. He's still there. Do you know Abdul is still there? But I said, "Don't do it, Abdul, don't do it." He said, "But why? Why do you send me a picture of my home?" I said, "Abdul --" Anyway, what happened with Abdul -- and we were fine.
And he drills, but he has no land. So, what do we do? We said let's -- I have an idea, let's merge them. So, we merged them intellectually, I don't know if we did it legally, but we did it intellectually. So, now he gives up the land and he gives up the drillers and you're going crazy, right? You're going wild and you'll do it beautifully, environmentally well, we'll make sure.
Thank you very much, Keith. [Applause] Thank you. Great job. Great people.
China respected us, Russia respected us. Everybody respected us." Under my presidency, our country was very, very feared and very, very respected. Feared is not a nice word, but we were feared, the greatest military in the world. You saw what we did. For four straight years, I kept America safe, I kept Israel safe, and I kept the world safe.
Right? Then you don't have to use it. When you're weak, you have to use it. When you're strong, you don't have to use it. Under Republican leadership, America is respected again and America is winning again because we are finally putting America first. Right? Could the cameras please span out and just show this crowd?
He supported the ouster of a friendly regime in Egypt that had a longstanding peace treaty with Israel -- and then helped bring the Muslim Brotherhood to power in its place.
You know what corporate inversion is? Corporate inversion is a disaster. Companies have billions, trillions, at least, 2 1/2 trillion total, outside of the country. Everybody agrees the money should be allowed to come back in. Republicans, democrats, this have been going on for years, they still can't agree. They agree, but can't come to a conclusion.
I will stop the plant closures immediately, and we will restart the plants that Kamala has very cruelly closed. I mean, you know, they don't know -- they have thousands of jobs involved, people that have worked there for 25 years or longer, and we're not going to let it happen. I will terminate the Green News scam immediately.
You know your bite is poisonous, and now I'm going to die. Shut up, silly woman, said the reptile with a grin. You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in. Got to come in legally and through merit under my administration. We re fully taking care of our own citizens first, including millions of African American and Hispanic Americans who are entitled to a government that protects their families and their communities.
And Al will tell you, nobody has ever defended, and he's tough because I got to be careful with him, I might say it and he said, "I disagree with you," But nobody has ever defended the veterans like I've defended the veterans. Thank you very much. Thank you. And we'll be asking Congress immediately to build a full-service VA Hospital in New Hampshire that the veterans deserve.
Good. Lieutenant governor, are you going to help her out a little bit? Yes. Good. We're going to move it back to the States, because in Alabama, you'll run a great system and the states will run a great system. And if they don't, those people won't be around very long. But that's where it's going to be. The states are going to run education.
You're listening to this, Mitch McConnell. You're listening. And a militant left wing news media that's either frightened of telling the truth or is truly evil and bad. I don't know. I think I think in many ways they're frightened. But you never really know which. We are not going back to this mindset. Not now, not ever.
The Postal Service, they do a great job. Lose a lot of money. I've said if they charged Amazon and these companies doing that, a couple of dollars more a package, that Amazon has to pay, not the customer. You know what happened? Post Office would start doing very well, thank you. Amazon dumps all the packages.
We're going to be drilling. We are going to be drilling. And I will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months, 50 percent. Twelve months from January 20th -- that's when we assume the office of president, assuming we win. We got to win. You've got to get out. You've got to vote. Crazier things have happened.
You're gonna see something. You're gonna see a giant red wave on Tuesday. You're gonna see a red wave like they've never seen before, and they saw a very big one. I'll tell you what. They gotta glimpse on four years ago, because that was --  I remember they said, "Where did these people come from? Where did they come from?" They're great Americans.
Thank you. We're also slashing the time it takes to get a permit for building critical energy infrastructure into just a tiny fraction of what it took before. America built the Empire State Building in just one year. Believe it or not, in nine months. Can you believe that? They don't do that today. It should not take 10 years to get the permits to build a road or a pipeline.
They want to ban school choice and charter schools. In the second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America, every parent. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans. It's so true. And in conclusion, I love you people, but I've been doing this since early in the morning.
By slashing all of the fraud, waste and theft, we can find we will defeat inflation, bring down mortgage rates, lower car payments and grocery prices, protect our seniors and put more money in the pockets of American families. [Applause] And today, interest rates took a beautiful drop, big beautiful drop.
That was a big thing. It didn't sound like that big. I thought that was a big thing. It didn't sound that big. You mean some other things have gotten bigger? OK, let's save the money. Let's not do it anyway. I thought it was a big thing. To protect free speech, I signed an executive order to force public colleges to honor students' First Amendment rights, or else lose millions and millions of dollars in funding.
Thank you very much.
You win New York, you have a whole different [Inaudible] -- nobody else can do that. And the numbers are incredible. If you look at New York, I think I had a 43 point lead. 43 points.
And enjoy your life after governor, because I don't think you'll be in elected politics. Every state has a responsibility to comply with Title 9, to have an obligation, a legal obligation. And we'll be enforcing aggressively. And we're going to be protecting our citizens. We're going to protect. So just to end, this administration has been fighting for parents rights and universal school choice.
Crazy deal. Mr. Brexit, Mr. Brexit. Remember I said Brexit's going to happen because I have a lot of property over there. Brexit's going to happen. They all laughed. They said Donald Trump said that Brexit's going to happen. Isn't he ridiculous? Anyway, three days later, they vote, Brexit happens. They never say anything. They never said anything.
We just want a level playing field." I said, "You got to be kidding me. That's the first time I've ever heard anyone say that. Everyone, they just want freebies." The only one that ever said that to me were the farmers. "We don't want subsidies. Just give us a level playing field." So I gave them more than a level playing field.
Is it in the federal government?" Nobody wanted it in the fed -- they wanted it back in the states and now the states are deciding and I think we've made an issue that was a very nasty issue, a very complex issue, very bad issue, frankly, I think we've made it much simpler and I think that we've made it much more fair.
No, so, tomorrow, I think, is going to be a big day, five o'clock tomorrow at the White House, we're going to be naming the nominee. Hopefully, we'll be on that court for 50 years, five-o, 50, 50, be on there for 50 years. The only thing I can tell you for sure is, it will be a woman. Is that OK? [Audience responds "Yeah"] Does anybody have any objections to that? [Audience responds "No"] Please, please raise your hand, a lot of cowards out there.
You see what's happening in Washington right now so you know how important it is. You see what's going on. By the way, look back there, look at all that media. Look at all that media. If we could ever get them on our side, we'd win for a thousand years -- for a thousand years. On Tuesday, November 6th, I need your vote, I need your support to stop radical Democrats and to elect proud Minnesota Republicans.
But they seriously need our money. And that's a deal that I would make and I wouldn't -- I wouldn't veer from it because you can not let them have those nuclear weapons. Another one I gave that some people did pick up and some people love it and some people think, "But it's a sovereign nation", Iraq. We go into Iraq.
The EPA, so-called a killer. Clean power plan, it was a killer. It was costing this country a fortune. It was a total killer. Has such nice names such a nice title? It put everybody out of business and it took away our strength, it took away our wealth and I withdrew the United States from the job killing, very unfair and very, very expensive Paris climate accord, another one that -- A killer.
It's being shipped to Vietnam, it's being shipped all over the world. While every Democrat running for President wants to shut down our coal mines, we are putting our miners back to work. Indeed we must, indeed we must. Clean coal. What they do with coal today is incredible, clean coal. And with the help of energy workers right here in Ohio, the United States is now the No. 1 producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world by far, No. 1. We weren't No. 1, every top Democrat candidate has pledged to eliminate American production of oil and natural gas.
Every American has a role to play in this grand national effort. And today, I invite every citizen to take their part in our vital mission. Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebrate American greatness as a shining example to the world. As long as we are proud -- and very proud -- of who we are, how we got here, and what we are fighting for to preserve, we will not fail.
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win. [Applause] November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country.
They made up a statement and now they put ads in during a football game. I see an ad, I'm watching the game. I mean I must tell you, I'm not into football so much anymore if you want to know the truth. No, I'm not. It's hard to watch. I love people that honor our anthem and honor our flag and honor our country. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much.
And I also recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, they've been working on that for 52 years. We got it done in two hours and it's not easy. And every President wanted to do those two things for many, many decades but they, they couldn't and I understand why they couldn't, lot of pressure, lot of pressure against.
If we don't get a better deal, we will withdraw under Article 2205, very simple. We say we withdraw. I don't think we'll ever withdraw because if they ever thought we were going to withdraw, they'll give us everything we want. As an example, we have a situation where some of the richest and biggest and most powerful countries in the world we protect, they only pay us a fraction of what it cost to protect them.
And it's disgraceful, it's disgraceful.
You'd think he'd be nice about it. He said after many, many years, all these great people, 1,400 people. We're closing our plant. We're moving to Mexico was almost set like that. Horrible. We're closing our plant. We're moving to Mexico. By the way, folks, whether you're highly educated or not highly educated, how does that help us, right?
Evansville, you are very, very special people, and thank you, Indiana. Thank you. Thank you. We had great success in Indiana, as you know. It was an incredible experience. And we really honor you very, very special people. Thank you very much. Thank you.
There's never been anything like this. There's never been anything like this. This was the greatest attack and the - this was the greatest attack and the - this was the greatest attack and the worst and most horrific attack in the worst and most horrific attack in the worst and most horrific attack in the history of our country.
So, you're going to be watching on November 3rd.I think it's highly likely you're not gonna have a decision, because Pennsylvania is very big and, as you know, there were, there was another state, but perhaps other states, involved. This is a terrible thing that they've done to our country, and that's the United States Supreme Court I'm talking about.
So we're going to convene my top generals and give them a simple instruction. They will have 30 days to submit to the Oval Office a plan for soundly and quickly defeating ISIS. [Applause]
In their courage, their vision, their determination, their wisdom, and their grace, they lifted up the sights of our nation and called America to greatness. They have done an incredible job. This has been an incredible institution. The extraordinary legacy of generations of African American patriots shows us that the heart and spirit and soul of our nation is always found in our people.
The biggest site probably in the world, drilling, in Alaska, they ended it the first day of the Biden administration. I mean, you think about it. They ended it, the first day of the Biden administration, a site that would have been almost the size of Saudi Arabia, maybe bigger, and they ended it. But we'll do it again.
I was going to bring up today to have a list of some of the dumb things that the country does. One of them was a washer. You know the washer is? That's where the screw, you got the washer, you got a little extra grip.
Good job. [Audience chants "Build the wall"] We're building the wall, we're building the wall, we're building the wall, we're building the wall. Mexico's paying for the wall, by the way. We built 127 miles as of today, 127 miles and Mexico is paying for the wall. The media is going to be thrilled when I explain that Mexico's paying because you know now, finally, they say I've had obstruction like you wouldn't believe it, the entire democrat party, I could get anything.
Millions and millions. We cannot allow this to continue to happen. We won't have a country any longer. I'm going to suspend immigration wherever effective screening cannot take place. And I am going to institute a new ideological screening program to keep out people who don't share our values of love and respect.
We get tremendous crossover votes. And I think we're going to do great. And frankly, we love the Democrats if they crossover. Do we agree with that? We love them. And the independents. And the people that have never voted before. You know, it's amazing. When I do shake hands with people or I do whatever they call it, the rope lines they call it, where I sign, and we'll do a little one of those little suckers if you want something after.
And now the people that saw it say that was great, but they - they are - it say that was great, but they - they are - it say that was great, but they - they are liars. These are bad people, these are liars, these are bad people. These are liars. These are bad people, these are people and what I did say and what I did people and what I did say and what I did people and what I did say and what I did say is that he was good at.
Thank you very much. Wow. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. Well, I want to thank you very much, and it's an honor to be in -- sit down, please. Go ahead. We'll stay together for a little while. This is a big endorsement for me. This is like 373,000 -- 77. Boy, that's a lot of protection. That's big protection. And we appreciate it very much. It's an honor, and I'm thrilled to be back with the incredible heroes and patriots of the Fraternal Order of Police, an incredible group and a group that's highly respected all over the country. You don't hear it, but I will tell you, it's true. To all of the law enforcement men and women here today, I respect you so much.
I think... You know what women want more than anything else? They want safety, security and they wanna be able to have their houses and leave me alone, right? The suburban woman. And then early on, before I realized it wasn't politically correct... Sorry, folks. Haven't been doing this too long. I said the suburban housewife loves Trump, and they went... By the way, the women, th- they loved it.
That's why I'm here, look at all those red hats, Rick. Look. Look at all those hats. That's a lot of hats. And we just had a poll, we're more popular now than we were on election day.
But the Mexican leadership is killing us at the border and with trade. Companies are moving to Mexico left and right. Carrier, Ford. Nabisco. They're closing their big plant in Chicago. So many countries and so many companies are moving to different countries. But Mexico is like a small version of China.
Wow, that's a nice group. [Audience chants "U.S.A."] That's a good sound. Thank you very much. Wow, that was very nice. Well, a very special hello to North Carolina. Thank you. We've had a lot of luck in North Carolina. We won it twice. We won every primary. We won everything this place. We even named that beautiful, little granddaughter Carolina.
I just lost one. I had a nice tenant. I just lost the tenant. Had a beautiful tenant at 40 Wall Street. I just lost the tenant. They opened a big chain drugstore. Big, beautiful chain, they opened. They were doing such great business. 40 Wall Street, right across from the Stock Exchange. They gave me notice.
This is a seriously good-looking couple, but they're a great couple. Your Congressional candidate who's really looking good, Drew Johnson. Thank you, Drew. Nevada Republican Party chairman, Michael McDonald. Thank you, Michael. Five days, Michael. Five days. Thank you, everybody. So important that we win this state.
Harrison, wherever you may be, thank you, Harrison. New Hampshire Federation of Republican Women president, Elizabeth Girard. Thank you, Elizabeth. Thank you. The founder of the 603 Alliance, Fran Wendelboe. And also my New Hampshire senior adviser who's been with me for a long time, Steve Stepanek. Thank you very much, Steve.
No, no, you have to use it to your advantage. Atlantic City, you know, you look at Atlanta City, Caesars went bankrupt, Caesars. Whoever heard of Caesars? Ceasars filed Chapter 11, nobody cares. [Audience member calls out]
Thank you very much, everybody, and hello, Philadelphia. I went to school in Philadelphia. I like it. And we won it twice, in actuality, and we won it all the times in the primaries. We had great success here. We're going to have the biggest year we ever had. This is going to be a big one. And hello also to the great -- this great place.
And we had that. We had something that has never been duplicated, what we did. Never been duplicated. Under our leadership, the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer. You're not going to be forgotten. We didn't forget you for four years, but Biden totally forgot you. We will love our country.
So they came up with a phony border plan. The congressman know very well, totally phony plan. And he never used it. It was no good anyway. It allowed millions of people to come in. It was the worst, stupidest plan I've ever seen, but he decided not to use it because more people came in after he did the plan than we've ever seen before.
And that's why you see these numbers. It's a great thing. You know, a lot of being President is common sense, right? Don't you think? Right? Common sense. Have a good heart, but it's common sense. In this administration, we will always stand with the heroes of law enforcement. They're heroes.
And they understand that. That's why Democrats support programs like catch-and-release. That's why Democrats want to give illegal aliens free welfare, free health care, and free education. Give them a driver's license. Give them a driver's license. Next thing you know, they want to buy them a car. Then they'll say the car's not good enough, we want -- how about a Rolls-Royce?
And now we are a nation that wants to make our great army tanks all electric so that despite the fact that they will not be able to go very far, fewer pollutants will be released into the air of the territory that we are trying to conquer. And they also want to make our fighter jets with a green energy stamp, losing 15% efficiency but allowing us to keep our enemies' atmosphere crystal clear while we attempt to knock out their air force.
I like people that like me, don't we? I like people -- they like me, I like them. So, we're pleased. Thank you, fellas, very much. It's great. Any fires lately? Have you put out any fires lately? Any big bad ones? You guys have a lot of guts doing what you do, let me tell you. We're pleased to be joined today by your next senator, Dave McCormick, and everybody is really, really impressed with Dave.
Under the Trump administration, we fully rebuilt the U.S. military, and we created Space Force. We totally defeated the ISIS territorial caliphate 100%. We did it in four weeks. They said it was going to take five years. We extinguished the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. We terminated the worst top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani.
I mean, people are getting these expensive systems from him, and we really owe him a debt of gratitude. Elon Musk, great. Not a lot of people would have done that. A lot of -- most people could not have acted that fast either. He got it right away. They were starting to load, I think, before the phone conversation ended.
That's what it is. It's a minerals powerhouse. Before I even arrive at the Oval Office shortly after we win the presidency, and I say we win, we're winning this together, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled, and I will do something that nobody else will be able to do because we're closer than ever.
Now if you don't like your family, it won't matter, okay? [Laughter] But for those that love your family, it matters a lot. [Laughter]
Their anti-suburban agenda threatens the property values of millions of American seniors, and your families, who own homes in residential neighborhoods in the suburbs. I'm saving the suburbs. You know, people were saying, "Well, women in the suburbs, do they like Trump?" I said, "Yeah, they like me. You know why they like me? Because I'm saving their homes." [Applause] That's why they like me. They may not like me, but they like what I'm doing, and that's more important.
They keep making the same mistakes and they keep offering the same, old, lame excuses when nothing happens. You know that, I know that. Frankly, everybody knows that. The fact that our corrupt Washington establishment has tried so hard to stop our movement, we have a major movement, there's never been anything like it in this country. [Applause]
We need steel mills for national security. Remember that. This isn't just price. This isn't just "Gee, we could do it for a little bit less." We need it for national security.
But they drove down about a three-hour drive and he's an amazing guy, Mark Meadows. Mark. And Representative Joe Wilson. Where's Joe? Is Joe here? And his son has been incredible. Hi, Joe and his son, by the way, his son is really outdoing you Joe.
As I said, we've repealed the core of Obamacare. The individual mandate is now gone. That's where you pay a tremendous amount of money for the privilege of not having to pay to buy terrible, horrible health care that's way overpriced. We have given you a lot of health care plans that you can choose from through associating health plans. We're giving businesses the greatest ability that they've ever had to join forces to buy much better health insurance for much less money including across state lines.
Finally, must think big and dream even bigger. In America, we understand that a nation is only living as long it is striving. We will no longer accept politicians who are all talk and no action, constantly complaining, but never doing anything about it.
They get it. They get it. They really are. They're smart. They're incredible. They want to see great things happen. They don't want to see us taken to the cleaners. You talk about that deal, I can't get over the deal, the Iran deal, I can't get over it. I understand China has out dealt us for decades, and I understand it. I understand everything.
You know, every once in a while you'll hear something, and usually you understand. Like in deal-making, you always have to understand the other side. When you hear "open borders," when you hear "get rid of ICE," when you hear some of the things that they're proposing, it's like you can't even understand it.
We'll gonna start winning again.
The case of Fox, 23. So they're expecting a lot a big audience. December 15th. They're advertising it all of -- what I do like, they finally use a beautiful picture of me. Finally. Sometimes, the pictures are so bad. They have my chin pulled back so I look like quadruple chins. They picked worst -- but they picked a good picture.
A hand grenade. He went down. Remember he went down? He went down. "This is a friendly protest. Oh, this is very friendly." And behind him, the entire city of Minneapolis was burning. It was like -- it looked like the Second World War. "No. It was friendly" -- it's a terrible thing, but she wanted to bail out all those people that did that and cause death.
And that's where it was going. We were going to pay off the debt. And then this fool, this absolute fool of a president said, "We're going to stop drilling." And the prices went through the roof, and inflation followed the energy because that's what caused it. We passed the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts in American history.
Believe me. Believe me. That is the way it is. Now we are going to de-fund the sanctuary cities, because sanctuary cities are a disgrace.
What a beautiful boy. What a beautiful family. But this is a special guy. Man, does he have a hand, you know? This guy shook my hand. His fingers are like sausages. No wonder he can throw the ball so hard. There was nobody like him, really. I've watched him throw those 500-yard games like it was nothing.
One hundred and eighty-seven, right? Including two great Supreme Court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. You know, I was going around -- yesterday, I heard about this, we just got 13 more. I think it might even be 15 yesterday. But they always say judges are the most important thing a President can do. And I disagree, I think defense -- okay, you got to have a country, right?
But big reports about tremendous support from groups that I was not supposed to have as much support from. It's throwing -- it's throwing them a little bit off balance, they're not happy. They're not happy. The protected one is not being very well protected. [Applause]
So I say, I want to build it. We just got it approved. It was a big deal. I want to build it. And they said, Yes, sir. So I get this, you know, executive order -- this big, beautiful piece of paper. It must have cost, like, a fortune.
No. We've got the best in the world. And our nuclear arsenal has been refurbished and restocked, and hope to God, we never have to use it. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency. Already completed. It goes into effect, bigger than healthcare, you watch, on January 1st. Lower drug prices.
She was so filthy dirty, disgusting. Half the place left. I said I'd never hire again, but she was so dirty. Every word was filthy dirty, and I left. And then I see her sitting about -- oh, Whoopi. Whoopi, oh -- what a loser she is. But I watched -- I watched -- I watched the way they asked questions.
I'll never forget when I went to West Virginia, which I won by 48 points, I think, right? Big Jim, I won by 48 points. But in the first campaign where Hillary Clinton was about four states too early, and she was talking about how bad coal was and how they were going to teach coal miners how to make widgets and gadgets and technology which they didn't want to do. They want to mine.
I mean frankly, some of it's right. One of them, Ted Cruz is talking about eminent domain. Donald Trump is in favor of eminent domain. And Ted is a good debater but he's not a good speaker. Do you know what I mean? When you talk to him it's like you're in a debate. Hello, Donald, how are you? Woah, no, no, he's a good debater.
They said yes, Randy. If he did a bad job, I'm going to stop right now and just say, "Good luck
I recognize so many of you. It's so crazy. But this has been a long journey. This was a journey that started in 2015, probably started 20 years before that. People used to say you're going to run for president, you're going to run, run, run. And I always said no, no, no, I don't want--and then one day I said, let's give it a shot.
So sort of interesting. So they didn't want a poll and we announced, I announced, and literally from the beginning, once they found out I was willing to do it because it takes courage. It takes guts to run for president. This is not an easy thing in many respects. I'll tell you. And it's -- I don't care about the money.
I came down with Melania on that escalator and I want to tell you... [Applause] Everybody loves Melania. [Applause] They love Melania. She's a good person, I'll tell you that.
And now, she wants to impose the largest tax hike in American history on you, on everybody in this room, more than $3,000 a year. Congratulations. This is the only person ever to run a campaign on the fact that "I will raise your taxes. Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to tell you --" I mean, the only thing you can say is maybe they're finally honest about something, but who -- I've been watching politics.
So when you make a statement like that, that's very meaningful to me when you -- when you give it that kind of a response. I wouldn't have thought it would have had that response. It's also not compassionate to leave those with mental illness on the streets, and you see that.  So we must get Americans the care that they need.
Thank you. [Audience chants "Bring them home."] Thank you very much for being with us. And we pray for you. And somehow, it's going to work out. We're going to get it to work out. And this evening we repeat the vow that we have kept in our hearts since that terrible day in October. Never again, never again, this should never have ever happened.
But there is something wrong with these people, and we have to stand together, or we're not going to have a country anymore. The more they throw at us, the more united we must become. The more vile the attacks, the more relentlessly they go after us, we must keep pushing forward no matter what. You just keep pushing forward.
But we have much better policy. We have much better ideas. They cheat much better. That's one thing I'll say. They cheat. Nobody cheats like that. Nobody cheats like that. But I'll tell you what, we're going to have -- this is going to be the greatest victory in the history of our country. It's going to be an exciting -- it's going to be an exciting night on November 5th.
I was on separately meet him. I was here. He was here and we got great ratings that night. So CBS likes us right. Boy, great read it. But he made these nice segments and then you have the people I'm running against saying disavow the statement.  I said why I'm going to disavow? He calls me these nice things.
I got along with Kim Jong Un. You would have [Audio gap] at the time, if Hillary got in, you would have been in a nuclear war with Kim Jong Un. He expected it. I got to know him. He liked me. We got along great. It didn't start that way, little rocket man, all this stuff. It started tough, but he got along, we got along, and he had no problem.
I said, "You've been with the Democrats for 100 years" -- 112 to be exact. But for 100 years -- over 100 years -- and they treat you badly and they only come around two months before the election. And then right after the election, they say, "Bye-bye. We'll see you in two years or four years." Right?
We're going to turn it around. This is a movement like our country has never seen before. It's a movement that's powered by our love for each other and our love for our country. We're living in a very divided country. But it's not going to be divided for long. We're going to get along. We're all going to get along.
It's a big story. To me, it's the biggest story. When you allow 13,000 murderers into our country and they're free to kill -- they're free to kill. These are people that are rough, tough, horrible people. It's not going to be a positive thing when you allow thousands of terrorists from very tough countries into our country.
South Carolina respected pollster, Tony Fabrizio, is he a relation to Al Capone? Tony Fabrizio? Alfons Capone. I keep saying it. The guy got away with murder. Tony Fabrizio has it where Trump is at 64. Very good pollster by the way. And Haley is at 25. 64, 25. We're leading into New Hampshire and all over the state, we're leading here and all of the polls.
Isn't it an incredible honor to have President Donald Trump in Missouri? It's amazing. It's amazing. You know, you know, President Trump won in the state of Missouri in 2016 by 20 points. Twenty points! More than anybody. And President Trump is delivering for Missouri. He's delivering. Now, the only thing is, I noticed that some of those career politicians in Washington, D.C., haven't noticed and haven't gotten with the program.
I am going to make sure the honest and dedicated people in the VA have their jobs protected, and are put in line for promotions.
We remember for two weeks. It's no good. So I think I'll open in September, but I'll have the grand opening like how about around October 29th or something like that, right? But it's true. I'm close to two years ahead of schedule. And I told my people, I said don't say two years because they came out and they said we're two years ahead.
But Joe Biden is a part time president, while you are working overtime to get by. He's a part time. He doesn't work. Well, he can't work because he's mentally no good. He's shot. But he was shot 25 years ago. He was never a smart person. In fact, Ted Kennedy, who was actually a friend of mine. Can you believe it? Because of Palm Beach, he lived in Palm Beach, the Kennedy compound.
The people that behave the best that did it the American way that saved their money, they got decimated because their money went down because they couldn't live -- they were losing money with me. They were putting money in the bank and making a lot of money. They were saving a lot of money. After I left, they were losing all of that money they saved.
First, we're taking action to reduce drug demand by preventing Americans from becoming addicted in the first place. So important. That includes increasing federal funding for the development of non-addictive painkillers. And we have to come up with a solution where we come up with a painkiller that's not so addictive. And we can do it. We're not that far off. We can do it. These things are incredibly addictive. So we're going to find that answer also.
You know, they're one of the largest arms sellers in the world. Now, they're selling much of the equipment because they can't use it. Seventy thousand trucks. Now, I don't know anything about the automobile business except that I saved it for your state, OK? But how many -- take the biggest car salesperson and company in the country, they don't have 70,000 cars or trucks.
Vote for Kari, vote for Blake and Abe and Eli. Also with us this evening, our members of Congress, Paul Gosar and Andy Biggs. Andy Biggs went to Congress a couple of months ago and he was grilling your people here that were saying how wonderful things were with the election. They were doing really nice. They were reading off a script and everything was just very nice.
They're all getting killed, every single one of them. We're down to two or three. Asa Hutchison just dropped out. Nobody even knows that he was there. He was at zero for like a year. Then, I thought he was doing well, because about three months ago, he actually went up to one, but the following month he dropped back down.
I am a conservative person, but when they say conservative, I say really more than conservative. I'm a person of common sense, just like the people in this audience, because common sense is -- common sense is -- is so important. And what we would love you to do is to get out and join the campaign. We have so many people.
And nobody mentions those poor people, should never happen, should have never happened. The people in the front row that I've gotten to know, incredible families, they re just torn apart by gross incompetence. And I tell you, it's so sad to see, would have been so easy. We had something going. We called up the head of the Taliban.
I didn't want an extension. I told one of the big accounting firms, one of the best firms in the world, one of the biggest, most respected. I said, listen you got to get these done. I filed almost 100 pages. Bigger than anything ever filed with Federal Election, by far. You know these politicians, they put one page in and they need five extensions.
I'm asking you to dream big because with your vote we are just, do you believe this, six days away. Six days. [Applause]
He should've won. Now, I'm not saying I should have -- I probably should have, in all fairness. But he said nobody's done more. You know, taken over -- what we've done has been amazing. All of us together, not just me, it's not just me. It's all of us. It's all of us. From Dallas and Mobile and Oklahoma, all of us. Because the spirit -- but Bill O'Reilly had a whole big thing.
But number two, I loved it, and he did a fantastic job. He is a great governor, Governor Phil Bryant. Where is Phil? Come here, Phil. Come here, Phil. Come on up here, Phil. We have to get him up here, right? Great governor.
We'll be coming here. Louis is around someplace. Where is Louis? Louis DeJoy. Thank you very much. And I appreciate it. We'll be coming here a lot. And we're way up in the polls. But do you know what I say? I pretend one point down everywhere. Somebody said, "How are you doing?" I said, "We're one point down everywhere." But we're way up. That's what they tell me. Way up in North Carolina.
Many. Most, almost all of them have endorsed us. But one by one by one and now we have one flawed candidate left and we're going to take it and we're going to be. So it's gonna be big. It's gonna be so. And you know what, it's -- again, it's not for me. We have no choice. The stupidity of our government.
But we said it in a strong tone, and we won 18 months. Think of it, 18 months, not one soldier killed. And when you just thought it couldn't get worse, any worse than that, I think that was frankly the lowest point in the history of our country, in my opinion. Joe Biden failed to deter Russia's outrageous invasion of Ukraine.
And Comey was like -- He -- It was unbelievable. Remember? And he said, "Yes, yes."
The fact is the way you solve Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security is by developing a really powerful engine, developing a really strong nation again like we used to be, not a nation that's borrowing trillions of dollars, much of it from China, not our friend by the way, but much of it from China, taking our jobs through job manipulation, money manipulation, and lots of other things.
So sad that we allowed this to happen. Our incompetent politicians were not watching and the ones that were watching were taken care of in some form because this should have never allowed -- been allowed to have happened. It is no great secret that many of the special interest funding my opponent's campaign are the same people profiting from these terrible trade deals.
She has bad judgment. Bernie Sanders told us that. Obviously, Bernie, you know a rigged system with the superdelegates and Bernie is right now home watching us together. [Laughter]
I've never done that. [Applause] She obviously had a whole lot to hide including her pay-for-play scandals as secretary of state. Pay-for-play with UBS, with Russian Uranium, with contracts for her friends and her family in Haiti. Nothing is so dangerous to American democracy as when a public official puts their Federal Office up for sale and that's what happened here.
It's all corporate inversions and all stuff that the politicians that I'm dealing with, this Ted Cruz. The guy has never employed a person in his whole life, OK? Never employed a person in his life. And these guys -- they're not gonna tell you that I've employed tens of thousands of people. By the way, I get along so great with the Hispanics.
I had a news conference, we announced it. Then, I called everybody back. Hey, how are you doing? How's everything going? Everything going? Good, yeah. I want to talk to you about Israel, but it's too late. We already did it and we did it, and we got it done and nobody else got it done, and it's something we had to do.
Radical Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the party of the American dream. We still have that American dream. As of today, we've appointed 187 Federal Judges to interpret the Constitution as written.
They're being destroyed. Europe is in serious trouble. They've been invaded by a force of illegal aliens like nobody's ever seen before. Illegal aliens are pouring into Europe. Nobody has ever -- and nobody's doing anything to change it, to get them out. It's not sustainable. And because they choose to be politically correct, they're doing just absolutely nothing about it. And I have to say -- I look at London, where you have a terrible mayor, terrible, terrible mayor, and it's been so changed, so changed.
We'll get the gulf states to pay for it because they've got plenty of money and they're not doing anything. And if it weren't for us, they wouldn't be there very long, believe me. If it weren't for us, they wouldn't be there very long. They've got nothing but money, and we're going to have them pay for it.
Not so good. But he came out. They handed me Jake Tapper, sometimes referred to as Fake Tapper. But I have to tell you, he was totally fair. And Dana Bash. And they were totally fair. They really were, CNN. So, they said, "We want a debate." They gave me one option because they weren't going to debate. He didn't want a debate.
But they're the sellouts that are lagging far behind us in the Republican Primary at record levels. The Des Moines, Register came out in Iowa and they had a poll that had me up by the largest number in the history of the poll. Other than that, we're not doing so well. No. In Iowa, we're ahead by like 45 points.
We don't make things anymore. We don't win anymore. We don't win anymore. We don't win with health care. We don't win with ISIS. We can't beat ISIS. We don't win anymore and we don't make things anymore.
The better you do, the worse they'll [Inaudible] And I tell this Korea story because it was, it was somewhat of a miracle. It's actually far ahead of schedule. And you know, you hear that we're making a major concession by agreeing to the meeting, you know, it's the craziest thing. But go back a couple of weeks earlier and listen to what -- they were petrified. [Inaudible] They were afraid of being blown up. Then all of a sudden they say let's not meet.
They apologized, they would say, I'm sorry. Now, you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Iowa. We are standing up for Iowa. At stake in our present battle is the survival, frankly, of our nation. Look, you know, I can make this speech really short.
people you sure they want because I hit him pretty hard but this is nothing
Oops. That's a big lead. That's a big lead. Now, I saw one where he's 10 points, one where he's 12 points, and one where he's 17 points up over the bathroom governor, you know who the bathroom governor. Remember the bathroom governor? What a mess that was. But Ted is a fantastic man, and he'll defend your borders.
This issue has been going along for 51 years, and it's been very, very nasty. It's been a rough issue and, until maybe 10 years ago, all they talked about was they wanted to get it back to the states. We brought it back to the states, and now the states are deciding and people are coming together. So it's very interesting to watch actually, but I want to thank the justices.
And we have to make sure that this radical left socialist and beyond, because this is beyond socialism, that it doesn't happen, or we will indeed have Venezuela on steroids. So we can't do it. Most important election, November 3rd, get out and vote. Joe Biden is the puppet of the radical left wing movement that seeks the complete elimination of America's borders and boundaries.
Indiana is a tremendous example of the prosperity that is unleashed when we cut taxes and set free the dreams of our citizens. This state has claimed a powerful competitive edge built on low taxes and less regulation -- and are we cutting regulation? [Applause]
Look what happened with Joe Biden as your president. Our country has gone to hell. Thank you. And I love you too. You're incredible people. You're incredible people. They're trying to take our country away, and they're trying to steal our country, and they're going to ruin our country. Remember I used to say, we will not become Venezuela.
Nobody thought that was possible, including the fakers back there. Nobody thought that was possible. Instead of being up, you would have down -- I believe. I really believe because regulations are so important, tax cut is so important and got it all going. I believe, instead of being up massively whatever the number is, but depending on who you are, changes, but it's all way over 60, 70, 80. You guys know.
And the folks from Bloomberg are here, in all fairness. And even the Des Moines Register. Can you imagine? They couldn't have been happy with Trump leading their poll. They were not happy, I guess. But John and, you know, the group is here and there's some -- I mean, look, you do have some Mark and John and their wives and families are here.
Julia Stathopoulos was born in -- Freeman-Sheldon syndrome, or with -- with the Freeman-Sheldon syndrome -- which is tough -- an extremely rare muscle and bone disorder. Under the previous administration, Julia's family saw their premiums on the individual market skyrocket to $3,000 a month and more. Her parents had to go without health insurance just to afford coverage for their children.
I'm going to know, and I'm going to call Tom Emmer. I'm going to say, "Tom, it's about time for me to go, OK?" Nobody's going to have to tell me. You know, I get up, and I don't even read the teleprompters most of the time. So, I'll do 80%, 90% of the speech off teleprompter, and they'll say, "He mispronounced a word.
Under my administration, the safest of our families will always come first. That's safety. We want safety. Has to come first. The Secretary of Defense under President Obama, Robert Gates, said that Joe Biden has been on the wrong side of every foreign policy issue in his lifetime. President Obama used to say that if you wanted something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to handle.
Like the USA right now, it will be the golden age of Israel, and the golden age of the Middle East. It's gonna work together. I'd like to thank several great American patriots for their invaluable help in getting something done that almost everyone thought was absolutely impossible. We were wasting our time.
And, and, you know, I'd talk about, uh, he didn't do a good job, blah, blah. Now I say he's the worst president, he's incompetent, he's, uh, not a smart person, he has no idea. He can't, he can't find the stairs to [Inaudible]. See all the stairs we have? We've got more stairs here. They're all over the place.
Charlene. Hi.
So how do we know this document hoax is indeed a hoax or a charade? Just look at how every other president has been treated when they left office. They've been given all the time needed and complete deference when it came to their documents and their papers. No other president has been harassed and persecuted like we have.
I said that to Admiral/Dr. Ronny Jackson, and I said it to Brett Kavanaugh. I said, "Brett, congratulations. I'm choosing you, and you're going to go so fast. This is going to be so easy. You're perfect -- the best education, the best marks, best grades. You're a great intellect. You're a great scholar.
One person had hundreds of pins. They never have had a pin in their life, but they love the job that we have done, and we are going to do it even better in the next four years. Another great friend of mine who is a tough cookie and a great congressman but he, unfortunately, he is a former because he's just I know he's just a special guy and really has a big beautiful heart, Lou Barletta.
He was a great wrestler. We had so many -- we have so many people that are behind us. Anyway, great to be with you, Jim. Thank you very much for coming. We appreciate it. Dan Gable, everybody. You know Dan Gable? Did you ever hear of Dan Gable? Hey, Jim, he was 182 wins and 1 loss. He won everything. And he was an unbelievable coach at Iowa, Dan Gable.
We'll seal our borders immediately, and we'll let people in. We had the safest border in the history of our country. Hold it, put up my favorite sign of all time, put up my favorite graph. I have to use it, my favorite graph. So, the red arrow on the bottom, that's the lowest number of illegal immigrants to come into this country.
I'd rather have her do that than be here. But that's the kind of person she is. She's fantastic. And Scott Turner, who was in the administration. Scott, where's Scott? Come on, Scott. This guy, a great person, a great everything, great athlete, and a very fine man, and you really did something very special for the administration.
And the reason they announced it on the same day one hour later, they announced impeachment -- a few guys standing behind her. They announced impeachment and then an hour later she announced that she's going to do USMCA. You know why? It's a huge deal and it plays down the impeachment, because they're embarrassed by the impeachment and our poll numbers have gone through the roof because of her stupid impeachment.
You're scheduled to win. They have you down. Another one scheduled to win, Derrick Anderson. Good. You're going to do great. We're going to get it. He's running against one of the Vindman twins. Vindman, is that correct? The Vindman twins, these are the worst people. You got to win that race, Derrick. They are the worst people.
Now, he says, "Oh, I don't like sanctuary cities." Well, he was governor, and you had sanctuary cities. Hey, by the way, remember this because it just reminded -- Jeb, all right. Jeb is in favor of Common Core. There won't be any Common Core. Common Core is gone, OK? Common Core is gone. Second thing, Second Amendment, Second Amendment with Trump will be as strong or stronger as it is right now.
We will run it but they'll put up the money. They've got plenty of money. Other people's money. You ever hear -- the OPM. Other people's money. And we're going to be so smart. We're going to be the smart people. If Hillary Clinton gets in, it's gonna be four more years of Obama, and nobody wants four more years of Obama.
It's in an edge by crooked Hillary Clinton in an edge by crooked Hillary Clinton in an edge by crooked Hillary Clinton. And I'm all over the place, but they - and I'm all over the place, but they - and I'm all over the place, but they don't show the question, don't show the question, don't show the question, it's his - there is nothing they sort of - it's his - there is nothing They sort of - it's his - there is nothing they sort of - did you hear Donald Trump all he talked, did you hear Donald Trump all he talked, did you hear Donald Trump?
I said to our first lady the other day, I was watching Bernie and he screamed. And his hair's all crazy. We're going to do this, I'm going to do that, no more college loans, no more costs for anything, nothing, not -- You're not going to pay for anything. I mean, he's desperate now. He's desperate. You don't have to pay for anything.
You see it. Now they say the laptop Schiff. Watermelon head Schiff. "That laptop was produced by Russia." Here we go again. Russia. Russia, Russia. Here we go again. (laughs) Can you imagine what they must think of it? They're like, "These people are crazy." No. It was, it was produced by where's Hunter.
And what we've done for them and for religion is so important. You know the other side, I don't think they're big believers and not big believers in religion that I can tell you. You listen to some of them. They're trying. They're trying to put out little statements, they're not working too well. Those statements are a little bit sort of not too good huh.
I don't think so. I don't think so. We have the smartest people. We have the sharpest people. We have the most amazing people. And you know, in all of the years of this country, they say, even the pundits most of them aren't worth the ground they're standing on. Some of that ground could be fairly wealthy ground, good ground.
By combining federal tax dollars with the resources of state and local governments, and partnering with the private sector, this incentive program will kick-start funding needed to build new projects and repair existing ones. The first elements of this plan have already been put in place. We have made so much progress. It's not progress that you read about or hear about. Of course if it were, they wouldn't print it anyway.
He doesn't -- all he has to do is say, "Close the border," and it's closed. That's all you have to say. He doesn't need anything from Congress. It's just unlikely that a thing like that would have happened. Thank you for being with us. Thank you. [Audience member calls out, inaudibly]
If we send them a car which they don't want, and they practically don't take, but on the assumption it got through, they charge us many, many times what we charge them. And I said, "Look. If you're not going to treat us fairly, if you're not going to treat our workers, our companies, our farmers fairly, if you're not going to take our farm products like we take your farm products, then we're going to tax all of those beautiful Mercedes Benzes that are coming in, and we're going to tax BMWs that are coming in..."
And that was the end of that. But the big thing was the attack on their nuclear facilities. What those people did, and you know, they're gonna be in Washington tomorrow at the White House. We're gonna be celebrating. We took, not only the pilots, but the people that flew the other planes, but also the mechanics that had these planes going for 37 hours without a stop.
I don't think anybody has ever -- what he did. He was a real hero, a really great person. And he's running, and I hope that everybody gets out and votes for Sam Brown. And we also left behind $85 billion worth of military equipment, along with many American citizens were left behind, many, many American citizens.
I am here tonight to lay out our path forward in Afghanistan and South Asia. But before I provide the details of our new strategy, I want to say a few words to the service members here with us tonight, to those watching from their posts, and to all Americans listening at home.
They don't even want us over there. Why is it Iran fighting ISIS? Why is it Russia fighting ISIS? Why aren't all these other countries over there? Syria, why aren't they fighting? Why are we the ones doing it? And they were enemies of them. They hated them more than we do. So, why are we always doing it? Like with Ukraine, we put up $60 billion, and Europe put up 5 billion, 6 billion, OK? [Audience boos]
You know, it's pretty amazing. We could have done a little better in terms of candidates. From day one of my administration, I've been fighting every single day to turn around the catastrophe we inherited to make America the best place on the planet Earth to do business. And that's what it is. Right now, we're the number one place -- I'm getting plants approved in two weeks that used to take 20 years before they got rejected.
You have Ada. Not Asa, Ada. And I heard he got booed off. Who got more boos? Who got louder boos, Christie or Ada Hutchinson? [Audience members call out "Christie."]
We will take our country back. My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together has only just begun. And it is time to start talking about greatness, greatness, greatness, greatness, again, for our country. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. So with the help of everyone here tonight and citizens all across our land, we will make America powerful again.
But we're doing really well as a country, we're strong, we have a lot of money flowing in. The tariffs are kicked in better than anybody, other than me and a few of the people in the room, thought could happen, Howard and Scott. And I just want to thank you all. You've been unbelievable allies because you're really allies, that's what you've been, and we appreciate it. Some of you, some were very difficult, but you got there.
Get your family, get your friends. No matter what you do, you've got to get out and vote. The whole world is laughing at us. They're laughing at what's going on in our country. When you look at trade, we don't win [Inaudible] trade, trade, with the world, trade [Inaudible] with a trade deficit with the world. With China, almost $500 billion trade deficit, who negotiates these deals? You know who negotiates them, political hacks. Political hacks dealing against the toughest, smartest people, that have been trained to, they've been trained to do nothing but this, they laugh at the stupidity of our country.
And he got hacked. They always say they got hacked. Scully got hacked, right, Scully. He was a Never Trump or he got hacked. I've never known a person that said he got hacked. They got hacked. Nobody gets hacked. To get hacked, you need somebody with 197 IQ and he needs about 15% of your password, right?
You can't pay. No, this -- this taught them a lesson. We had no casualties, nobody injured, except the other side was badly injured, I'll tell you. You have no idea. I won't tell you how badly injured. But they kidnapped an American, and they can't do that. And I just want to thank Special Forces, these are really Special Forces, but they're really special people.
They're coming not just from South America but from Africa, from Asia, from the Middle East. They're coming from everywhere. They're coming from all over the world, from prisons and jails, mental institutions and insane asylums. You know, they go crazy when I say the late great Hannibal Lecter, OK? They say, "Why would he mention Hannibal Lecter?
You have a lot of good things. But let's not talk too much about North Carolina. Let's win this election nationwide. You remember North Carolina? That was going to be the Clinton firewall. She spent a fortune here, and I kept coming in and coming out. They call it earned media, I earned it. I kept coming in and coming out and every time I left, I said I don't think we'll lose in North Carolina.
Tony, thank you. Great. Oh, central -- another central casting guy. Wow. They have good looking people in this state, don't they, huh? Wow. That's great. Good. Thank you, Tony, very much. You're going to do great. From the very first day that we take back the White House from crooked Joe Biden, I believe we are going to have the four greatest years in the history of our country. [Audience responds affirmatively]
And under our leadership, the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America powerful again, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
It includes humanitarian assistance, more law enforcement, drug detection at our ports, closing loopholes that enable child smuggling, and plans for a new physical barrier, or wall, to secure the vast areas between our ports of entry. This is a smart, strategic, see-through steel barrier -- not just a simple concrete wall.
My administration has also begun the largest deregulation campaign in the history of our country, far exceeding -- I had the record for you. We had a great economy, the greatest economy that we've ever had four years ago. But this is going to be better. You watch. This will be better even than the first term.
You know, all these guys like Bush and like Hillary Clinton, they're all taken care of. I don't know if you know, yeah, true. No, but when Hillary has $60 million and when Jeb Bush, uh, when Jeb Bush, who's totally in favor of common core, weak on immigration, right? Very weak on immigration, wants to let people come in, although now he is using anchor baby, you know, he put out a memo, you cannot use anchor baby, now because I used it he's using it. Politicians.
Space is terrific. Space is terrific. You know space is actually being taken over privately, which is great. It's being taken over. A lot of private companies are going up through space and I like that maybe even better. But it's very exciting. And if you're looking to do that I think it's terrific. It's terrific for the future.
You know, so he goes -- it's a tough business. It's a nasty business. But in Aurora, Colorado and communities in all 50 states, this Venezuelan gang is terrorizing law-abiding citizens, including taking over the multiple apartment complexes. And let's take a little look at them. They're not nice. You see, that's how tough they are. [Begin videotape]
He wouldn't tell -- if you asked him what's the Keystone Pipeline, he wouldn't be able to tell you. If I asked him, What does MAGA stand for, Joe?" "I don't know." "You know what it is? Joe, it's Make America Great Again." [Audience chants "USA"] But you know what they should do? I think in a -- in the favor -- in order so that we continue to say that we have a great democracy, I think she should go in and give him back the presidency.
The same senators, along with nearly every other Democrat, also voted to protect something that's actually becoming very unpopular, sanctuary cities. Can you believe, finally, people are starting to get it. (BOOING)
I go to sleep with it every night. I hug it, and I kiss it. My wife says, "What the hell are you doing with that damn chart?" No, if I didn't turn to the right, I wouldn't be talking to you right now. I go, bing. That chart was over there. It's always on my left. Tonight, it's on my right. But it's always on my left, and it's usually at the very end, not the beginning.
Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.
Thank you. You got to remember, we won two World Wars. We won a lot of things. Well, most recently, we did defeat ISIS, and they said that couldn't be done. It was going to take five years. It took four weeks. We have a great military, and they're not woke. Some of the stupid people up top are woke, but they're not woke.
We stand for loyalty to our citizens, love for our country, allegiance to our flag, and long and healthy lives for our great seniors. And with your help, we are going to continue building the best, most advanced, most cutting-edge healthcare system anywhere in the world. We are going to expand our growing economy to make retirement easier, and better, and far more secure.
We're going to make Pennsylvania and Ohio, and so many other places within our country, the manufacturing hub of the world once again. We're going to be able to do it. It's going to be not even hard to do.
And rebuild our country. We will bring back our jobs and we will not let our jobs go to other countries. [Applause] We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again.
And in many cases, our allies are worse than our so-called enemies, OK, on trade. Nationwide -- this just came out, listen to this, you got to study these numbers, right? Does anybody have a pencil? Please take it down. Nationwide, the economy created, this is the lowest number in years, a pitiful 12,000 jobs last month.
Under the Trump administration, we will put American citizens first, American children first, American patients first. You cannot get into a hospital, by the way, because the migrants have all of the beds. You cannot get into a hospital. You cannot get your kids into a school because there are migrants there that don't even speak the language.
Gulf of America, that is a nice ring. Everybody loves it. I wouldn't say Mexico is thrilled, but you can't have them all. They're not thrilled. You continue the legacy of Alabama legends who blazed the trails, won the games, tilled the fields, forged the steels, built the ships, and gave us the victories that built America and changed the world.
Do we agree? But they want to change boats to all-electric, and they don't work. They don't work. And they don't want to hear it. It's like they don't work. In California, they have brownouts and blackouts every single day, and yet they want to go all-electric cars. So, they want to have all-electric cars, and yet they don't have enough electric to take care of the state, which is by the way, if he ever runs, we'll have so much fun because that is the worst-run state.
Is there a doctor in the house, please? A doctor? OK. Yes, take your time, please. Thank you, thank you.
The Sienna poll, we're up in North Carolina by a lot, and we're up in Georgia by 4, and we're up in Arizona by 5. That's in the New York Times. If they say that, David, that means we're up by -- he goes, "Uncle Sam said triple." I think you're right. Uncle Sam, please stand up. Look at this guy. Thank you.
Get out. You have to register. Registered Republicans, get them out. Get all of your friends out. And 7:00 p.m. on Monday, January 15th, that's when it all begins, January 15th on a Monday. It's a good, beautiful day and you got to get them out 7:00 in the evening. That's when it starts. And it's a beautiful scene actually.
If the price came down, the Russia-Ukraine war would end immediately. Right now, the price is high enough that that war will continue. You've got to bring down the oil price. You've got to end that war. They should have done it long ago. They're very responsible, actually, to a certain extent for what's taking place.
It's OK" Because now the gloves are off. I can say that this man is totally unfit to be president. Up here, he's totally unfit. He can't be your president. You know I've gotten to know President Xi of China, I've gotten to know President Putin of Russia and by the way, getting along with them, is good. Well, with China, I must tell you, got a real problem with China.
It's one of the most important reasons why we have to win on November 8th -- repeal and replace Obamacare. [Applause]
Can you imagine -- can you imagine -- we passed veterans' choice. They've been trying to get it passed for 44 years, and I got it passed two months ago. Now they see a line when they go to their doctor, we pay the bill, and, boy, it works out great. They're very happy. And the landmark V.A. accountability law to ensure anyone who mistreats our veterans has to be accountable.
You know when our country purchases drugs with the largest drug purchaser in the world. I'm talking about prescription drugs, all kinds of drugs, drugs to make you better. We barely even negotiate with the drug companies. The reason we don't negotiate is because the people that I'm running against are all getting money from the drug companies.
Like you said, I will approve it. Took me about two minutes." But that is one more reason why I'll fight for the right of every parent to send their child to a public, private charter or a religious school of their choice. We have to be able to have School Choice. School Choice is very important. And the Democrats are very much opposed to it, as you know.
[Audience boos] How about the tax on unrealized gain? That one hasn't even been tried. That's a communist tax that hasn't been very successful, I tell you. Think of it, they want to have a capital gain on unrealized gains. Think of what they're saying. You're going to pay a tax on something you haven't made.
We're going to drill. "Sir, we have too much energy." They're going to come back. Ted Budd's going to call me, "Sir, may I see you with a few other people?" I said, "Who? Who are you going to see me with, Ted?" "A few of our big, very important people from North Carolina, sir. Too much energy is being given to us.
No, Obama was a great divider. He was a great, great divider. What we have built is the biggest, broadest, most incredible coalition, and the greatest political movement in American history -- I think in any history, if you want to know the truth. It's made up of the hardworking men and women who make this country run, who make this country great.
He gets into a Boeing. A very, very old... it's called Air Force One. A very, very old Boeing 747, with the old engines spewing... spewing carbon and every other thing. I don't think it happens to hurt the air personally but that's OK. So these old engines are spewing into the atmosphere and think about the carbon footprint.
This is great news for our citizens and for peace-loving people everywhere. We believe that when nations respect the rights of their neighbors, and defend the interests of their people, they can better work together to secure the blessings of safety, prosperity, and peace.
Everything you want, from fracking. You don't realize how big a fracking state. Does anybody know how big fracking is? You're not going to be allowed to frack anymore. You're not going to be allowed. No oil, no nothing. No oil, no gas, no nothing. Just think of that. What would happen is, well, first of all, many of you, I guess 600,000, 670,000 lose their jobs.
They're waiting proudly on line. They're going to be admitted soon and all of that. And it's so unfair to them to have people just walk across a border, because our Democrat laws are no good. Because we have laws that are the laughingstock of the world because of the Democrats. They're the laughingstock of the world.
Little blue over here around the Los Angeles area, that whole thing was red. And he's going, "Ohh," his hands start shaking. "Look, oh my God, another state came. Oh my God, what's this?" Fake news!
They never like to show the kind of crowds. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people. Go ahead, turn your camera. Go ahead, turn it. They don't, they hate to do it. They hate to show the crowds. You know, if you're watching television, which a lot of people are when we do this stuff, or they wouldn't put us on, but they always have like this face right here, this, and about four people.
But it will change your November 8. There's going to be a big, big change. Big, big change. And as you all know real change begins with immediately, immediately repealing and replacing the disaster known as Obamacare. It's just been announced that the residents of Pennsylvania, where I went to school, by the way, are going to experience massive double-digit premium hikes.
The guiding rule of the political class in Washington, D.C. is that they are looking out only for themselves, only for themselves with the exception of these few people. [Laughter]
I'm fighting for everyone who doesn't have a voice. We are soon going to have a voice. [Applause]
Now, South Korea, it is an economic behemoth. You can't buy television that is not made in South Korea, except Sony, which is made in Japan, which has sort of lost its way. Whether it is LG or Samsung. I order thousands of television sets; you can't buy them in the United States. I'd love to. Show me one company. One of the pundits said, they do make them. There's a company.
Not all of them. They still have some left, but they're coming in rapidly by bus and by plane. They're coming into our country, and we're dumping them in our country. And they say, "If you come back, we will kill you." And they're not going back. We got them. But they're going back if I'm president. I guarantee you that.
We're going to have so much money coming in. We're going to work on national debt. We're close to $36 trillion right now. We're going to work on getting it down. And it is many of the people in this room who will be helping to advise and recommend investments for this fund. This is how we will end the era of inflation, mayhem, and misery under Kamala Harris, the worst vice president in the history of our country, and unleash a new era of safety, prosperity, and success for our workers, our families, and our businesses.
We're going to have no problem. We have MS-13 the worst killers of any gang anywhere in the world, and they were pouring into our country. And I said, we want to get them out. I said, I want to bring them back to their country because you don't want to put them in our jails. It's so expensive and everything.
And thanks to our efforts -- and we've worked so hard on it; the First Lady worked so hard. Kellyanne Conway -- where's Kellyanne? Where's Kellyanne? Where is she? Kellyanne, thank you. Thank you, Kellyanne. Last year, drug overdose deaths declined for the first time in nearly three decades.
I wanted to see how bad they'd report on it because, you know, it had to be bad. And I turned, and one of them said, "Not since Franklin Delano Roosevelt has a speech been made so brilliantly or delivered so well." He was coughing in his hand all the time. He's coughing. Then he walks out and shakes everybody's hand.
Last week, we had -- last week, we had 95 delegates in New York State, New York City. The whole thing added up to 95\. We picked up almost every single one of them. It was an amazing victory. But this one's a diverse victory. I mean, you go Rhode Island and you go Maryland, then you go Connecticut. And you go Pennsylvania, and you go -- I mean, the whole thing, Delaware, and every one of them was conclusive and every state is so different.
Other than the name of the plan, it was a total disaster. I ended the war on Pennsylvania oil and gas and I ended the war on clean, beautiful coal. We put our miners back to work. We fought for Pennsylvania and we won for Pennsylvania. And when we win in this November, this coming midterm, which I think maybe will be the most important in our country's history, we will fight and win for Pennsylvania and our country itself because our country is in serious trouble.
And if you want to buy it, you can, but you're going to have a lot of [Audio gap] you'll have a lot of choices, all right? You're going to have -- you know, we have something called liquid [Audio gap] right? That equates to gasoline for a car. But it's oil and gas. We have more than any other country. We were making a fortune.
All their gang members in Caracas, Venezuela, Caracas, wonderful city, if you'd like to -- actually, it's gonna turn out to be a lot safer than our cities because all their criminals are being sent to us. In fact, I'll invite you. In fact, I have an idea for the NRA. Let's have the next year's meeting in Venezuela, where it's gonna be a lot safer than our country.
You know what that means, that means no more cows. You know, this is serious. No, this means no more cows. I guess, eventually, she's going to mean no more people, right? No more people. So, if you want socialist health care, nation-wrecking inflation, the death of American energy, and a lying radical left liberal San Francisco extremist [Audio gap] One for you. [Audience boos]
You're going to be happy. You're going to be happy. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and we must stop her country-destroying radical left agenda once and for all. We have to knock it. We want a landslide that's too big to rig. We want it too big to rig. And just finally, after all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years of the history of our country.
We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. Right? And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "In God We Trust." You know, they tried -- They tried to take the word "God" out of the Pledge of Alliance. You saw that. They did it once.
Another top priority for Republican majorities will be to pass a bill immediately terminating every single COVID mandate, and nobody suffered like Michigan. Nobody suffered stronger than what she did to Michigan. I don't believe -- I don't even think New York suffered like you did. Everybody but her husband had to stay in. He could go ice skating.
Over the years, a special sympathy has grown between this land of the free, and the beautiful people of that island, so close to our shores and so deeply woven into the history of our region. America has rejected the Cuban people's oppressors. They are rejected. Officially today, they are rejected. [Applause] And to those people, America has become a source of strength, and our flag a symbol of hope.
I say they're great. When they're not in my favor, I don't. I don't discuss them. But they're -- They are wrong. They are so wrong. They're -- The worst polls are the Fox polls, believe it or not. They're the worst. You know, if you see that poll -- The same thing that I had four years ago. 9 States, guaranteed loss.
I love the veterans, everybody. We love Al. Steve. Hi Steve. So I want to thank you all for being here. It's a -- It's been an amazing journey for me and for you and for all of us. We're taking our country back. The level of love the level of everything. Everything. When I go around to places it's always like this.
Hillary has been there for 30 years, and she's accomplished nothing. She's just made things worse. She is a candidate of yesterday. We are the movement of the future. We're the movement of the future. [Applause]
She took -- do you agree with that, congressmen? She took all of his votes away! All he needed was a few more votes. He would've won every state. So you have somebody who really got a little bit lucky. You know, in prime time, they used to call him "1% Joe." Now, in far less then prime time, he gets a nomination.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. They're strong and they're great. These are great people and thank you very much. This is a very important day to me because we're bringing back an industry that was abandoned despite the fact that it was just about the best. It is certainly the best in terms of power, real power.
And we have a president who is cognitively impaired, in no condition to lead our country, and is now casually talking about nuclear war with Russia, which would be World War III and far more devastating than any of the other world wars because of the weaponry that nobody even wants to think about. We are a nation that no longer has a free and fair press.
I know they're all very street smart people. They're not sending their good people, they're sending others, but they are emptying out their jails, their prisons, their mental institutions, and they're coming into our country. We're like a dumping ground and nobody does anything about it, and we are going to be suffering for a long time, but we're going to get them the hell out of here.
He was badly sent off. Kayla was a beautiful young woman and al-Baghdadi spotted her. And they grabbed her, and she lived like hell. But what she's done is so incredible in so many other ways. In 2019, when you look at what took place with that attack and the attack that we did, and we named the attack, and we named the number in honor of Kayla, and I'd like to just say that Carl and Marsha, her parents, are with us tonight.
Would you like to be good neighbors and switch? [Audience responds "No"]
It's when you start it, it's very, very addictive, highly addictive. People getting -- dying all the time. Dying all the time. And it's strange because you go to New Hampshire it's so beautiful, like this. It's so beautiful and you drive down these gorgeous roads with the beautiful trees and everything so beautiful.
He was talking to the protesters screaming at him, really screaming at him. By the way, if I spoke the way Obama spoke to that protester, they would say he became unhinged. He became -- you have to go back and look and study and see what happened. They never move the camera and he spent so much time screaming at this protester.
Thanks to the Republican child tax credit. Republican, not Democrat. We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that decimated manufacturing all across your state and all across our country. For years, politicians sold you out to global special interests, enriching other countries at your expense.
Once our currency is no longer the world's standard, that will be the greatest defeat that we've had as a country in 200 years. Then we will revert to third-world status. It won't happen with me, not even a little chance, just like Russia would never have invaded Ukraine, China would not even have thought about raiding Taiwan, and the attack on Israel would never have happened, would never have happened.
And then you hear about the free traders, because I'm a free trader, but I'm like, I want to be a smart trader, I want to be a fair trader. It's so unfair what's happened to our country, and I don't know, the politicians have lost their way. In some cases like South Korea you know they're making a fortune. Well we backed them many years ago.
Shifty. A little out a -- a little out a shift. Adam, I've had you up to here. I've had you up. A little out of shift. He comes out and he made up my conversation. And I was watching, fortunately, because a lot of people sort of think like, oh, I guess that's what he said. I said, "I never said that." And then when Pelosi, nervous, nervous Nancy.
So when I equate the military story and I talk about what they did and how we defeated ISIS, it's the same exact thing for the police. We have the greatest police. They could stop it in Los Angeles. They could stop it in New York. They could stop it in Chicago. They could stop it everywhere, but they're not allowed to do their job.
And last month I fired all the radical left pro-crime US attorneys appointed by Joe Biden. There were so many that were bad, and I know there were some that were probably very good, but there were so many that were so bad and so evil, so corrupt. Instead of having Marxist prosecutors who want to put police officers in handcuffs and go after a police officer rather than a criminal, I appointed patriotic tough-on-crime warriors who will partner with police to put dangerous offenders behind bars, put them in jail.
It's horrible. So they rigged the presidential election in 2020, and we're not going to allow them to rig the presidential election of 2024. We're going to bring our country back. Every time the radical left Democrats, Marxists, and communists, and fascists indict me, I consider it a great badge of honor.
Mexico is becoming the car capital of the world, by the way. And I would tell -- I would tell the head of Ford very strongly -- and you got to understand, I said at the beginning, I'm not taking political contributions. Nobody's giving me $4 million or $5 million or $6 million. Somebody said the other day -- these super PACs, by the way, are a scam, a scam.
Bill never calls me and says, you know I'd like to get something from Florida for Florida. Okeechobee, the damn, we're doing that because Rick Scott was driving us all crazy in the White House. He was driving us crazy. He'd call again. It's Rick Scott, governor sir. Rick Scott, I said, oh I know he wants Okeechobee.
They love him. All Hispanic. They love Trump. Because they know I'm gonna do what's the right thing. I love the Hispanic people. I employed thousands of them and they know I'm gonna do what's right. So a couple of more things. I want to just talk about two things. So we have the Second Amendment and they want to take your guns away, and we can't let it happen.
But 10 years of service to this great university overseeing the education of 100,000 proud Alabama graduates. That's something to have on your record. I also want to thank Alabama Governor Kay Ivey, who's here with us, and she's a fantastic -- Where is she? Where is she? She's around here someplace. She's here.
You make sure, Debbie. She just won a big election by a massive -- boy, you won that election easy. She won it pretty easy. Another person who's a friend of mine, he's a warrior for a long time. He's great. He loves his state, he loves our country, Andy Biggs. [Applause] Congressman Andy Biggs, thank you.
Again, the word truth. We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. We want to hire people. It's time, right? It's time to put America first, isn't it? [Audience responds affirmatively] I will end the war in Ukraine. It would have never started if I were president. It would have never -- zero chance.
They seem to go after consequential presidents. And I didn't know it was such a dangerous profession. Being president is a very dangerous -- who would have thought? But if you look at race car drivers, we -- I have a lot of race car driver friends. You know, I own a job down the road in a place called Charlotte.
Thank you. I'm asking you to dream big because with your vote, we are just one day away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life. I think and hope it will be the most important vote you will ever cast because we don't win anymore as a country, we don't win on the borders, we don't win with trade, what China is doing to us is beyond belief.
But the last two weeks I haven't taken it easy, have I? Because he is a corrupt person and we have a corrupt person leading our country. And one of the reasons China, they opened up military bases, they're opening up military operations in Cuba, 90 miles off our coast, and nobody even talks about it. Nobody even talks about it. That's the most serious threat that I can imagine, and nobody talks about it. And the press doesn't talk about it because they know Biden is very vulnerable and they know he took a lot of money from China, got millions and millions of dollars from China, millions.
We were working so hard on economic development projects with the money that's not -- " You know what the economic development is? Their pockets. I said, "That's right, Mr. President, I won't be sending any more money to them because you won't take the people back." They used to line up airplane instead on their runways so that we couldn't land the plane.
He was a disaster for this country. You get angry talking about it. Because it's almost impossible to believe you can be that bad. You know, people like certain people. And I understand it, they could have different beliefs, different policies. Like Ronald Reagan, he had something special about him. He had a -- [Audience member calls out "Yes."] There was an aura, right?
Kosovo, Serbia, they've been killing each other for decades. This, they fight. That's what they do, they kill each other. So many years. So we're doing one deal, another deal, and they come in to tell me they're doing a deal with Kosovo, a deal with Serbia. I said, "Wait a minute. They've been killing each other for decades and decades.
Think of it, not one Democrat vote. All the goodies that we got, not one Democrat voted in either the Senate or the House and we're talking about tax cuts and business. I mean, so many different things that are so good, right, not one Democrat vote would want with us, not one. So we had to get almost every in the House.
And finally, we're joined by a group of amazing supporters who recently walked away from the Democrats and will be voting for us. We have a lot of them, a lot of them, and a lot of them in law enforcement. A lot of law enforcement, they were Democrats. In some cases, they left their party. In other cases, they just didn't know we're voting for Trump.
And frankly, everybody -- everybody -- Many of the people that took the courses, many many of the people had -- they signed report cards when they were completed and it got rave reviews. Everybody, good good good good. Then a law firm comes along says, "Listen if we sue so they form a closed -- a class-action if we sue, we'll get your money back." So let's say, you took the course and you liked it, and then somebody comes, "Hey, you liked your course?
It has already passed." I said, "Well, you better un-pass it because if you don't un-pass it, you're going to pay 100% tariff on all wines and champagnes that are shipped into the United States starting tonight." "No, no, no. You cannot do that, Donald. You cannot do that." I said, "I can do that. In fact, I'm just signing it right now." "No, no, no. OK, Donald.
This is the kind of thinking we need in this country, our country. We have to get -- we have to, you know, if, look, our infrastructure is a disaster. We have to build it on time, on budget. You know, these projects, they end up costing 10 times more than they were set. They build a road and it ends up costing far more than they ever anticipated.
And a man who's extremely noncontroversial. And you know the truth. He loves your state. He loves the country. He loves you. He's no -- to me, there's no controversy at all. He's running for secretary of state. He's leading everybody. Everybody loves him because he's a warrior. Mark Finchem. Mark.
We'll be making so -- we have something that nobody has. China doesn't have it. China doesn't have it. China has everything they need for batteries, but they don't have what -- they don't have a thing called gasoline, and yet we're going to go away from that, and we're going to go right into the hands of China.
And I had no idea how well it was gonna and I had no idea how well it was gonna and I had no idea how well it was gonna turn out. So we had a 700 seat theater turn out. So we had a 700 seat theater turn out. So we had a 700 seat theater about five minutes away from where the - about five minutes away from where the - about five minutes away from where the debate was.
It's muted. There's no sound, but I see this -- seeing live. And at first, I thought it might be like a space-type movie, you know, some kind of a crazy movie. But this rocket comes in, and it's all burned. You know, it's coming down at 10,000 miles an hour or some crazy speed, and it's just like on fire.
Then I see him on television today -- I know nothing about -- because I cannot tie the fact that they're not paying into the -- why? Why? Am I right? I mean, you know, give me a break.
He's like a wounded bird going down. I don't know. I hear he's dropping out of the race, by the way, but let's see. But thankfully, I stopped them all and I terminated their TPP disaster my first week in office. I passed the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts in American history by far, ended Obama's war on American energy.
Prosperity is booming. Optimism is surging and America is winning. We're winning. We truly are making America great again. Look at all those hats. But, most importantly, our country is respected again all over the world. We're not making apologies. We're not making excuses. We're respected again as a country.
We're ordering 147 new F-35 Lightning fighters. This is an incredible plane. It's stealth; you can't see it. So when I talk to even people from the other side, they're trying to order our plane. [Laughter] They like the fact that you can't see it. I said, "How would it do in battle with your plane?" They say, "Well, we have one problem: We can't see your plane." [Laughter] That's a big problem. Stealth. Super Stealth. The best in the world. We make the best military equipment in the world. Also, remember this: jobs.
There's nothing funny about them. But you have a cable person beating all these guys with all that money. I hope Fox is going to pay Greg what they're making. Add it up together. That's what I did on The Apprentice. I said, I have higher ratings than all these big stars on The Apprentice. I said to NBC at the time, they loved me so much during The Apprentice, they went bad.
But on November 5th, 2024, we will be a liberated country. We will be liberated like never before. It will be Liberation Day. Under Kamala Harris 13,099 illegal alien convicted murderers are on the loose in the United States. You know who gave that information? The Border Patrol gave us that information.
Let me ask you - oh, I hear some friends. I hear me ask you. Oh, I hear some friends. I hear me ask you - oh, I hear some friends, I hear some friends. I guess some friends you some friends, I guess some friends you some friends, I guess some friends, you know they don't want to make America know they don't want to make America know they don't want to make America great.
Starting on day one, Kamala launched a war on American energy and orchestrated a nation-wrecking border invasion, with illegal aliens pouring in from countries all over the world. They came in from countries that nobody ever heard the name of that country. Those countries, from their prisons and jails, there is a difference, from mental institutions and insane asylums, as well as record numbers of terrorists, human traffickers, and sex traffickers, numbers that we've never seen before taking place over the last three and a half years.
So we got to -- we have to thank him. I wish our federal government could move like that, right, instead of spending money on people that are ruining our country. I delivered you the largest tax cuts in American history, and we'll do it again. We're going to get them lower, but we're going to do something else.
I think, Jack, I think he's having a hard time with this one. He's trying to figure, well, maybe he was in, but everyone else is. I can tell you he probably understands it very well better than anybody. There's enough filth on our airwaves. American families need a haven where our children can be taught our values, not have radical values forced upon them, the families and the children.
He's been a great friend of mine for a long time. For -- I don't want to tell you how long. But, uh, so I just want to pay my respects, because he loves this part of the world, he loves Georgia. And, Georgia loves him. You know they did the ballad? Remember they did a ballad to Herschel Walker? You just hand him the ball, you win the game.
I've watched, I've watched, and you don't want much help me either. You're proud people, you're incredible people, you put it back together. But we're there for you all the way and we're there monetarily and we're there with FEMA. And I think, Ron, FEMA has been incredible, haven't they, right? Yeah, they've been incredible.
And I'm looking at the screen, but I'm talking to somebody. I guess it couldn't have been that interesting. [Inaudible] somebody. And I'm -- I'm watching the screen and this big monster. You know, the thing is like 20 storeys tall, and it's coming down. The fire is pouring out of it from all angles. And I say, "I don't know. Could you hold on a minute? I want to -- there's something happening on television. I've never seen anything like this, Brandon."
People have had it with the years and decades of Clinton corruption. This is the year the American people say Enough is enough." The Clinton's are the sordid past. We are
Because right now, we're a laughingstock all over the world. So in two weeks, get out and vote. You watch South Carolina how we're doing there. We're doing great. We're up about 30 or 35 points on a governor who was not really very popular. And in conclusion, from Marquette to Midland, from Grand Rapids to Detroit, we got to watch Detroit.
As long as we have pride in our country, confidence in our future, and faith in our God, then America will prevail.
I think people should demand because I heard numbers that are so bad. And Hispanic Americans, great Hispanic Americans -- I just had a poll. Can you believe it? I'm leading the Democrats with Hispanics. That wasn't supposed to happen. You think that's shaking them up a little bit? That's -- that's not a number that was supposed to happen, but it does happen.
This is a gun-free zone. Now, we had the five military people killed not so long ago, right? On a military base, signs all over the place, this is a gun-free zone. One of the five was one of the all time great soldiers has every record. He was a great marksman, not allowed to have a gun. He can't have a gun.
Now even though we're doing pretty good in the polls, I don't believe the polls anymore. I don't believe them. I don't believe them. And if there's 10, and if there's one or two bad ones, that's the only one they show.
Remember that. It will mean death for Pennsylvania energy. Kamala imposed a natural gas export ban to cripple Pennsylvania energy producers. You do know that she's against this whole energy thing that you have going, which is, by far, the most important thing you have from an economic standpoint, a job standpoint.
And number two, if you do, it will cost approximately three times what you paid last year, so good luck on Thanksgiving. But if you buy ham, that's going to be doubled. You'll make a much better deal. And bacon's not too good either. I think bacon went up more than all of them, right? Now our country is in trouble.
And we are going outside of the establishment. Becoming the nominee of the party of Abraham Lincoln -- a lot of people don't realize that Abraham Lincoln, the great Abraham Lincoln, was a Republican -- has been the greatest honor of my life. It is on his legacy that I hope to build the future of the party, but more important, the future of the country and the community. I believe we need a civil rights agenda for our time, one that ensures the rights to a great education, so important, and the right to live in safety and in peace and to have a really, really great job, a good-paying job and one that you love to go to every morning.
He wants to put America first. They think that's such a bad thing, so bad. He's a former Marine and a Yale educated lawyer. He's a great student. I spoke to somebody that went to Yale with him. He said he was a great student. So I might as well tell you that. Some people said, "Oh, don't put it out. He's elite." Well, yeah, he's elite.
We want 10 million a year for introductory. In other words, he'll introduce people to his father. And then you see his father, the big guy, the big guy, they call me not a big guy. He's not a big guy. Boom. Chum. He's not a big guy. No. [Audience chants "Lock him up"] Do you remember like a year ago, year and a half ago I said, "I'd like to take him to the back of the barn." A slight slap, you don't have to close, even close your fist.
It's killing our our country. It's really terrible. I want to thank the president of the Detroit Economic Club, Steve Grigorian, who's a very wonderful guy, as well as Congressman John James, Ambassador David Fischer, Michigan Senate Republican Leader Aric Nesbitt. Thank you, Aric. It's great. Where's Aric? Thank you very much.
However, for the West Point Class of 2025, and we're gonna help you a lot because we're gonna give you a nation as good or better than it ever was. That's what I promise you. All the victories that you've had together on these grounds will soon pale in comparison to the momentous deeds that you'll perform on the mission you're accepting today and as, uh, future leader of America's Army.
These are matters of life-and-death for our country and its people, and we deserve answers from Hillary Clinton.
I'll give him one thing. He stuck with it. No way I'd rather have it stick with it because he stuck where he's still at it. Scott Walker changed what he saw he was getting creamed. So he changed so now he's not here but he was strongly in favor of Common Core and their interests they borrowed so much money that a big portion of their budget now is paying for it. So what he's doing is kicking it down the road and he's the only guy that's ahead of me and I can't believe I'm in second place I finally am in second place to Iowa but he is next to it but folks you please put me in first place so I feel better.
You were not forgotten, but you are forgotten now. We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God and, together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.
And that includes banking regulations, that's for you people because it's impossible for you people to go get mortgages. So hard for people to get mortgages today.
So, the other day, a reporter, fake news reporter, asked me, "Why do you use Trumpism? What is Trumpism? How do you define it?" And I thought it was actually an interesting question. And I sat down and thought about it, and I thought about America first. I thought about Make America Great Again.
But you can't -- they don't like illegal migrant. They don't like illegal alien. They don't like anything. They want you to call them citizens, future citizens. You ever hear that one, future citizens? Future citizens of our country. That's what they want to hear, but I don't think this room's inclined to do that.
But once we started, we started in June. And in June, I think we did $51 million and then we did $82 million, and now we have very good numbers coming in again. So we're -- we're equipped. We have to get the people out.
Who the hell is that? Is he a friend of yours? Yes. We're going to send him to the Met. So come join us in the Republican Party and never, ever look back. We're doing well. We're going to do it right. We're going to do it right. On top of everything else, Joe Biden really has proven to be a very nasty and vicious racist.
He'll just be locked up in a room someplace and the radical left is going to be running our country. Yeah. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you. But now he wants to surrender our country to the violent left-wing mob. You know that. If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden wins, the mob wins. You see what's going on with all these democratic or I always say Democrat-run cities and states, it's a disaster.
What they did with your milk product and all of your different products, that -- it was like a one-sided deal for years. And now, we have a deal that's great. And I said to him, 'Listen, if you don't make this deal, then I'm not going to let you sell cars into the United States." "Oh, well, we would love to make the deal if you'd like to." They were tough.
And now we're winning. Finally. It took 25, 30 years. It took a little change at the top, didn't it? But you've been a warrior for -- for getting really taken advantage of as a country. And you've been a warrior, and I appreciate it. Right from the beginning, Dan and I -- we -- it was a fight of two people against the world.
While some genius said, We are going to sell the site and then we are going to take the money and build a new embassy. That sounds good, right? But you have to have money left over if you do that.
And his incredible father is here. Good genetics in that family. Thank you very much. Great honor to have you. Representatives, and these are warriors, Buddy Carter. Buddy. Warrior, great guy, and a very shy, quiet person. Doesn't like mixing it up too much. But she is really highly respected in Washington, and she's fantastic Marjorie Taylor Greene.
[Video] Would you close down the industry?
True. Make America Great Again. We're going to make our country so great again. We're going to make it so strong again. I've gotten to see so many people. I mean, like today, thousands at least 5,000 people are outside. I feel terribly about it and we'll come back but at least 5,000 people outside. The last time it was worse.
Well, I said, "that would mean we'd be paying about 8 million, right?" They said, "No. We will make the same. We'll let you come in for 39 million." And you know what? I turned them down. Not for that. I turned them down for other reasons and because they weren't good, and they were dominated by China.
Great job.
One woman's baby born to a Chinese father was taken away in a bucket. The guards said it did not "deserve to live because it was impure."
We need to work every day from now until the election, for your family, for your community, your country, for your constitution. And this November I need you to get your friends, get your colleagues, get your neighbors and get your ass out to vote. Is that OK? Get your ass out to vote.
In the eight years before I took office, on average, we lost two thousand manufacturing jobs a month. Since my inauguration, we've added 16,000 manufacturing jobs a month. That didn't happen by accident. Remember the statement from the previous administration you'd need a magic wand to bring back manufacturing.
You would have never had Ukraine and Russia. You would have never had Israel. Israel would have never been attacked. Ukraine would have never been attacked. Putin would have never attacked. In fact, Putin said the other day, now I prefer Biden as president. I said, I don't know why. I stopped Nord Stream 2. It was totally stopped.
And now you see there being hit very hard. The fake news was saying well, I don't know if you've done as well as Europe. I said we did better than Europe and now Europe is exploding again, unfortunately. I don't want that to happen, but they don't want to talk about bad because that's not good for their narrative.
And they're being treated better than our soldiers, our veterans are being treated. They're staying in world-class hotels. The whole thing is crazy what's happening in our country. Let's call these brave Americans what they really are, persecuted Christians. They're being persecuted. And imprisonment, they are being imprisoned by Joe Biden and his people, evil people.
We're getting countries to buy your equipment. You got to produce the equipment. Some of the countries -- I'm not going to mention, but some of the countries are buying a lot. And that's a good thing. They're on our side, 95 percent. I'll never say 100 percent because they can always turn, right? You know about that.
He came at me every time and I was right with her when she said things that were wrong. He didn't come after her. And now she wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees to pour into our country. And she doesn't even say the words radical Islamic terrorism, nor does President Obama. Her policies gave us the disastrous deal with Iran, one of the worst deals, one of the dumbest deals I've ever seen of any kind.
But 64 percent, we're going to charge them 32 percent. Japan, very, very tough, great people. And again, I don't blame the people for doing it. It's -- I think they're very smart in doing it. I blame the people that sat right in that Oval Office right over there, right behind the Resolute Desk or whichever desk they chose.
I had a feeling. It's been going amazingly well. You do have the mainstream here. You know, I've been hearing about mainstream media all my life -- boo, boo. No, I've been hearing about it, and it's true. I mean, they don't give you accurate really representation. It's an amazing thing. They don't do it. They don't do it. You know, I constantly talk about the cameras.
He gets it from that guy because that guy can play. We play each other. But Trump can play, too. We play each other. We have a good time, right? We have -- say hello to the family, your two boys, everybody. OK. Thank you. Thank you both. Sherry, thank you. Great guy, great guy, great family. And two amazing Puerto Rican musical legends.
Oh, my God, what happened? Remember, John King? What's going on over here? Yeah, the red, red, red. He won Florida, oh, he won Florida. It wasn't that I won Florida, I won it like fast. And by the way, we're way up in Florida right now because we've done a great job, Okeechobee. We've done a great job for Florida.
Very political place, OK? But it was an amazing evening for me, and we did fine, we did well. And the polls came out right after that, and we keep going up, and we're so happy. And I'm not going to go over the polls. Somebody said why do you always discuss the polls -- one of the people I'm running against -- why do you always...
back and stripped I want judges who will support and defend our Constitution
They're literally brainwashing people. They're brainwashing our youth. And they're getting it to say like, oh, this is what they want to do. We can't let that happen. We have innocent youth and they're misguided and they're brought along. But then they hear the press talking about these people like Robin Hood.
He can vote any way he wants," and we had great support in the Senate, and we had incredible support in the Republican House. We had just incredible support. We went through this thing twice. Bill Barr didn't want to be impeached. How do you not get impeached. You don't do election fraud stuff. He didn't want to. "Sir, I don't want to be impeached." But he didn't want to be impeached, so all of a sudden, he goes a little bit on the other side, and he doesn't get impeached.
Senator Bill Hagerty. Bill is going to be seeing me in a little while. He is doing a fantastic job, very honored by bringing Bill out, and he's the senator, and he's a respected senator, very much so. Ronna McDaniel. Where's Ronna? Where's Ronna? With all these lights, I don't get to see so many of you, but she's here someplace.
They were doing much better than they do right now. So I always said all of the fake news, look at all those people back. Whoa, that's a lot of people. You know whenever I talk about them, the red light starts going off. They said, "Get us off the air. He is going to say something bad about us. He's going to tell CNN that their ratings stink." But in a brand new poll that just came out, the Emerson Hill Poll of the general election, we're crushing Biden in every single one of the swing states.
If they didn't, they'd go home and there was nothing they could do. They're looking for hope. And what happened is they'd go all over the world, they'd go to Asia, they'd go to Europe, all over the world looking for a secret cure. And we have the best chance right here. So now you go in, you sign a piece of paper, which is just fine, and you get taken care of, and we have had some incredible results already.
They went to the longest commercial I've ever seen, not supposed to. You know, when you report the fake news, you're not supposed to get free airtime from the U.S. government, right? Does anybody know what that means? And then they went on to the second half, again and again, and again, she looked at me, darling, I don't think they're going to cover this.
And under our leadership, the forgotten men and women will be forgotten no longer. With your help, your love, and your vote, we will put America first, and we will make America great again, bigger and better than ever before. Thank you, South Carolina. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody.
She can't have it both ways. She can't claim to be supportive of these communities while trying to increase the number of people coming in who want to oppress these same communities. How does this kind of immigration make our lives better? How does this kind of immigration make our country better? Why does Hillary Clinton want to bring people in in vast numbers who reject our values? Why? Explain.
You got to approve them.  But, no, the farmers -- you know, they were so incredible, the farmer. Just -- you know, the way when -- when the CNNs of the world would go and interview them, looking for something to speak negatively, because when we're negotiating -- you know, China is very smart and they pulled back all their orders.
I mean, that's a lot of money, $300 billion and then you wonder why. Because a lot of people say, how could people be so stupid as to not bid things. They know it's wrong. But they're politicians, all talk, no action. They're good at one thing getting re-elected. You have some good politicians, but you have mostly people that think about how do I get re-elected, OK? How do I get re-elected?
We're going to win in 22, which is a few days. We're going to win in 24. We're taking back that beautiful house. In 2021, an average of 15 Pennsylvania lives were lost to drug overdoses every single day. Think of that, 15 every single day, yet Biden and the radical Democrats do nothing to stop the lethal poisons pouring across our border.
But they want to have strong borders. And you know what, I thought to myself, has anybody heard the Snake? Has anyone heard of it? Have you heard? Should we do it? Should we do it? All right. The main thing -- can you hear me all the way in the back? Can you hear me? Can anybody not hear me clearly? All right.
It will take what NAFTA hasn't destroyed. A Trump administration will stop the Trans-Pacific Partnership and we're gonna have trade. And we're gonna have trade but it's gonna be one, two, three. We're gonna have individual deals with individual countries. And if they misbehave, we send them what's called a notice of termination.
You saw that Sudan -- now we have United Arab Emirates headed by a great warrior, a great leader, Mohammed, a great leader. And Bahrain, you saw that. And now we have Sudan and we have many more that are waiting to come and it's amazing. This was all said by the great geniuses that we dealt with, "It can't be done that way." I said, "No, it can't be done the way they've been trying to do it for 40 years." And we have many, many more that are ready to sign up.
But I said, let's build the embassy because this embassy will never get built the way government works. So a general came in with a $2 billion form for me to sign. That was what they were going to build and build on. They were going to spend $2 billion to build an embassy, $2 billion to build. I think of it as a one or two-story building.
Not a bad deal, right? We need -- I don't, I don't want to brag but this is what we need in the country, you know. We got to make deals like this much bigger. We got to make those deals. But -- because I bought it out of bank, you know -- hey look, I am worth now a lot but because I bought it out of bankruptcy, they said, Donald Trump, who is bankrupt took the house and sold it. I bought the house out of bankruptcy.
These are phenomenal, brave, incredible people. But they were told, "You can't bring them back because the countries wouldn't take them. The countries wouldn't take them." So, they don't want the gang members back. They don't like people that kill people. So, rightfully, they said no. And then I said, "Well, what are you saying?
These are the people that are backing her. They're pro-war. We don't want war. We got out of all the wars. We beat the hell out of ISIS. They're pro-Biden, frankly. And if she wins, Biden wins. And if Biden wins, New Hampshire cannot win. You're going to lose and bad things happen. We had the greatest country in the history.
They have very specific needs. One of the problems we have is that we're having tremendous amounts of companies moving back to the United States, moving into your communities. And the problem they have is --  -- in many cases, they can't get help. And now what they're doing is they're taking people that didn't have jobs, and they're training them -- specifically training them.
Central Command and Central [Special] Operations Command are at the very center of our fight against radical Islamic terrorism. America stands in awe of your courage. Those serving at CENTCOM have bravely fought across the theater of war in the Middle East, and bravely battled a vicious enemy that has no respect for human life. Today, we express our gratitude to everyone serving overseas, including all of our military personnel in Afghanistan.
And I am going to immediately do something that nobody has ever heard before and I've wanted to do it for a long time, but I don't want these guys to do it because they won't do it properly. We will immediately stop the drugs pouring across our border. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] We lose 300,000 people.
And then I read where they want to blow up Mount Rushmore before I got there. I mean, they want to blow it up. We want to blow the face off Mount Rushmore. I don't think that's happening (laughs) I think. I think the people of South Dakota might, uh, not, uh, handle that too well, so it's not happening. But think of it, where does this thinking come from?
Thank you. And working with local law enforcement, we will launch a federal task force to dismantle the gangs, the street crews, and the criminal networks that are ravaging our towns. This will include a 10-year mandatory minimum sentence for anyone guilty of human smuggling, a guaranteed life sentence for any guilty child trafficking, and the death penalty for drug dealers and anyone guilty of child or woman sex trafficking, which they are doing at numbers which are massive.
Such a waste. Such a waste of money isn't it? What is he doing, that poor guy? Oh, we just -- we got another one in Iowa American Research 33, 26. Boston Herald just came out 33, 14. I mean they're just one after another. Florida, how about this one, Trump, 48 the you have Rubio at 11 and you have Governor Bush down much lower than that envelope.
I haven't been doing this that long but I won every chance I had in North Carolina. I even stole a great chief of staff, Mark Meadows, right? I stole him from North Carolina, and he left Congress as a very popular guy. Could have been there for a long time if he wanted and he came in and by the way, you have a fantastic young gentleman going to take his place, he's a fantastic young guy and he's going to be a real star in the party.
So, she's up there and she got "There are 32 --" It stopped. I knew immediately. It stopped. "There are 32 -- 32 --" She was gone. "Thirty --" She said, like, five times, "32." Boom. Then it kicked in. Oh, did she get lucky? She got so lucky. But we're going to win back that beautiful White House and we are going to, indeed, make America great again.
No, it never happened before, never happened before. We made historic gains among African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, Asian-Americans, and we won the largest share of non-white vote of any Republican president in 60 years. We also won 18 out of 19 bellwether counties. Now when you win just a few bellwether counties, you always win the election.
Because you know, military tactics are very interesting. This could be one of the great tactical ploys of all time, 200,000-man army, maybe, or if you said 50,000 or 80,000 or 100,000, we got problems. And that could be possible. I don't know that it is, but it could be possible. So they're going back. They're going back. I'm just telling them. So if they come, that's great. And if I lose, I guess they're staying. But if I win, they're going back. And I know a lot of people are saying, well
But he'll teach me not to be jealous. Something Darrell's gonna work on. But he had a great crowd yesterday in Virginia, and there was this massive downpour, like record-type setting. And they were all outside, I guess, on a lawn, and they were drenched and he said -- called me up, he said nobody left. And the press actually covered it. They said nobody left.
[Inaudible] Well, wow! Great woman. Thank you, Debbie. You know, that's sometimes very dangerous to do. Please come up. And they say, "And there's only one man," and I'm s -- and they say somebody else, I say, "That was not good. That was the" -- but she's, uh, an incredible woman and a warrior and a fighter, just like you guys, and, uh, she's really great, and I appreciate that.
So, the firefighters, I guess, they haven't -- every year for what, 60, 70, or some crazy number of years, they always automatically do the Democrats. And the rank and file said, "We're not doing that." And they voted overwhelmingly for me. And, you know, the union heads always have a problem with that.
I never get credit for being a great speaker. I don't know if I'm a great speaker or not. Who the hell knows? I never get credit, huh? I never get credit. I don't know. Henry thinks I'm a very good speaker, but, you know, not every rally like this one. Turns out they're all rallies. Because if we have 1,000 people, 10,000 people show up. They're all rallies, but they come by the thousands.
-- all of the Democrats want sanctuary cities. And they let somebody out fairly recently, and that somebody wreaked havoc. Wreaked havoc. I won't even tell you, it was so horrible. But wreaked havoc in a community. Instead of taking him and giving him to ICE -- we would have done what you had to do. But I'll tell you, the folks of ICE -- at ICE -- and Border Patrol and law enforcement, they're not treated properly.
This is a movement. This is a movement like our country has never seen before, and we are driving these characters crazy. They don't know. They are not happy. Our movement represents all Americans -- thank you -- from all backgrounds and all walks of life. We are asking for the votes of Republicans, Democrats, Independents, and first-time voters. There's going to be a lot of them, believe me. [Applause]
Hillary Clinton just yesterday used the term radical Islam, sort of used it, right? Did you see? And they've said, Trump, I shouldn't be forcing anything. If you don't know what the term is and if you don't discuss what the problem is and if you can't say the real name, we have a radical Islamic terrorism problem, folks.
But the worst ads that would take it against me were taken by [Inaudible]. And you know like he's such a nice guy. Any yes, he's fine. But I'm in the -- I'm in New Hampshire which we won, by the way. We won New Hampshire, we won Nevada, we won Nevada, we won South Carolina. It was so beautiful and I'm watching them.
OK. We're going to win with trade. We're going to win at the border. We're going to win with the Second Amendment. We're going to win with education. We're going to win with our military. We're going to win for our vets. We're going to win for our vets.
Thank you very much. This is amazing. What a great place. Thank you very much. So we have thousands of people outside trying to get in, but we should start. Do we agree? We should start, so they'll come in. They'll come in. First of all, I want to thank you, special, special place. It's a special place with incredible people.
If you take a look at other presidencies, they wouldn't do $1 trillion sometime in years. We did this in essentially two months because you have to say, we got into office and they gave me about a month to clean up and fix up the Oval Office. And after that, we started working and the money is pouring in. The jobs are pouring in. The companies are pouring into our country like we've never seen before.
And now I think that's going to be done routinely. We won 85 percent of all counties in America, 525 for them and 2725 for us. That's that map that you see. It's all red except for the two corners. They have a little blue, a little line of blue. For the first time in history, all 50 states shifted toward the Republican Party.
We're going to have some fun working together. It's going to make this a fun project. That's what I thought until I walked into the building. I said this won't be the fun I thought, but it is fun. I like to create; you like to create. Most of the people in the room like to create just like Bob Kraft created the New England Patriots.
Instead of sitting there. So you get up and you leave. Now what you do is you ratchet up the sanctions and you bring them up a couple of steps. You double or triple them, I don't care, quadruple them, give them nothing. But you bring them up and you bring them up, you know, double them. I guarantee you within 48 hours they will be calling, saying, three years ago, saying, we're giving you your prisoners.
I don't understand how it's even possible to be made. Why didn't we walk? We don't get our prisoners back, and now we're getting our prisoners after we pay a $150 billion. And you know what that's going to lead to? That's going to lead to more and more and more hostages all over the place. I would say -- by the way, don't go to the Middle East, OK? Don't go. It's going to lead to more -- and it's already happening.
Remember, the advantage of it I have is that when they indict me, I can explain to people because I have a big audience and I can explain. But if I'm a congressman or even a senator and I get a subpoena to go to a grand jury, you're dead. Politically, you're dead. You can't explain it. I can sit here in front of these big audiences with all those crazy cameras back there, and I could explain it, and people can make up their mind.
His son is this beautiful, great son, this incredible family and wife. He tried to destroy that man, all because I said, "Ronny, what do you think about heading up the V.A.?" And he didn't want -- he -- he said, "Sir, I'll do whatever your -- your order is." I said, "Well, I don't want to make it an order.
We won by 45. And they challenged it. They challenged it. The same way they're challenging -- it's such a disgrace what's going on. It is a two-tiered system of justice, and we have to get our Justice Department back because you're not going to have a country anymore. You can't have it. At least I have a voice.
The baby is born, we put the baby down and we decide whether or not, essentially, to kill the baby." So, what's happened is now the states decide and they're going to votes in different states. And it's been an amazing process and it was something that was very important to get done. But, we had to take the radicalism -- And the radicalism was really the Democrats, because when you can do abortions or killing or execution at that point in a life cycle, you just can't do that.
And I'll tell you what, we will compete. Many of our states, I figure 35 of them, we're going to have 35 great ones. We're going to have five that are OK. Then we'll have another five that are blah, and then we're going to have four or five not so good. But in a place like New York, we could take it as an example, Westchester County.
You've been watching, and it's been a horror show. I've been watching for many years, and we had it stemmed. And then all of a sudden, bad things happened, bad things happened. But boy, I'll tell you, we had it stemmed if we would have had four more years, everything -- this would be such a different country right now.
It's this close. I want to get rid of the 65 years. It's not good enough. Anybody else would be very happy. I'm not happy with that one. Earlier this month, I announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal. One of the worst trade deals ever made. Our jobs, everything left our country. Our jobs, our plants, our factories, they left for Mexico, for Canada, one of the worst trade deals in the history of the world.
So crazy. And we'll never forget "60 Minutes." We're never going to forget it. We can't. I think I'm going to sue them, actually, because -- because there's no way they can answer. There's no way they can say, "No, no, we don't like the answer she gave," and they immediately replace it with something.
If you think about it. It's very interesting, isn't it?
But now we have a total disaster on the border, like we've never seen before. And that includes drugs coming in, human trafficking, mostly in women. For each of the past three months, more illegal aliens have trespassed across our border than any month in the history of our country prior to the Biden administration.
So to help you find housing, jobs, and support, I established, as you know very well, the Council on Crime Prevention and Reentry. They've done a fantastic job. And here with us today are new executive director, Tony Lowden. Tony, would you just come up and say a few words, please? Tony Lowden.
Aren't we smart? We are having this problem across our refugee and immigration programs. Here are some of the examples -- I will give you a few examples, and this came out of the Senate subcommittee just recently. The Boston bombers" -- remember those horrible
If I did it, they'd throw you into the penitentiary for 20 years. Crooked Joe Biden -- they don't call him Crooked Joe for a reason. I mean, it's a reason they call him that. He's a crooked guy. And she knew everything about it. They created -- and you knew this. It came out like two weeks ago, a week ago.
People would be terminally ill. They'd try to get a medicine. They couldn't get it in this country. It's totally illegal. If they had money, they'd go to Europe or they'd go to China, go to some of the places where they supposedly had cures. It never worked, by the way, almost never, and they'd end up dying.
You're in other things. You're lawyers and you're carpenters and you're electricians and you're drivers, and you're doing a lot of things. By the way, no tax on tips, remember that? No tax on tips. [Applause] No tax on tips. She tried that one, and yet, in Congress right now, they have bills to destroy people that don't -- do you see what's going on? It'll never happen.
Ask yourself, who is really the friend of women and the LGBT community, Donald Trump with his actions, or Hillary Clinton with her words? Clinton wants to allow Radical Islamic terrorists to pour into our country -- they enslave women, and murder gays.
Nah, it's a very unfair deal. But as the expression goes: we won, I don't know how the hell we did it, if you think about it. But when you look at the opposition, when you look at how unfair it is and these guys know very well. You look at how unfair it is, it's pretty damn good, but we have a lot of support.
She couldn't even get back in. And we have big back in. We have a big, big group of people and good people, patriotic people. The biggest tragedy of all is millions of Americans have lost confidence in their vote. We can't let that happen. And that's why I say you have to know what took place in 2020, before you can vote in 2022 or 2024. You have to know.
We have programs that were working on, very good. But I guess maybe the greatest program is our economy is so strong and employers are hiring prisoners when they might not have done it three years ago, two years ago, five years ago, ten years ago.
I propose a contract with the American voter that will give the government back to the people. My contract begins with a plan to end the rampant government corruption. And it is corrupt and she's perhaps the most corrupt person ever to run for the office of president. She shouldn't be allowed to run. She shouldn't be allowed to run.
They tried to take away your dignity and your destiny, but we will never let them do that, will we? Many times I said, "We would drain the swamp.", and that's exactly what we're doing right now, we're draining the swamp. And that's why the swamp is fighting back so viciously and violently. For the last two and a half years, we have been under siege, and with the Mueller report we won, and now they want a do over, they want a do over.
You've done a great job. We appreciate it Murrell Smith. Also one of the most important issues of the campaign will be who can rescue our country from the burning records of Bidenomics. You know what that stands for, right? Henceforth, it'll be defined as inflation, taxation, submission and failure. Under my leadership, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world.
Doctors didn't want it. The insurance companies didn't want it and the pharmaceutical companies. But we have the best labs in the world and people are dying. And we thought that maybe we'll do something and they'd come to me and say, we can't do it because if we do it and if they get injured because of the medicine or whatever it is that they're going to be doing or taking, we'll have a liability.
I ended the disaster known as NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made and replaced it with the brand new USMCA, Mexico, Canada. That's the best trade deal ever made, they say, in our country's history. I think the deal we made with China is even better. But unfortunately with COVID, I don't even talk about that one.
You know, I am a free trader. I believe in it, but you need smart people to make great deals. We don't have the right people. We are being ripped off on by every single country we do business with on trade. Every single country we do business with. [Applause]
Right? Because we are all Americans, and together, we will show November 5th to be the most important day in the history of America. It will be the most important day in our history as a country. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America powerful again.
We own a lot of land in Jerusalem. Do we have a great piece? Maybe it has a little building on it where we can fix it up real cheap and we can..." See, I'll always be in the real estate business. I'll always love that business. I love that business. That's a great business, but very creative. I said, "See what you have." They called me back two days later and said, "Sir, we have a fantastic site.
Also, recently, a local dad was out jogging in Buckhead when he was barbarically shot two times at point blank range and left bleeding and wounded by a sadistic criminal who proceeded to ram his car into another innocent man and beat the hell out of him. After Atlanta mayor, Andre Dickens, voted to defund the police and helped unleash this chaos, it's no wonder that the people of Buckhead want their own city.
We now have a government that cannot manage even a simple crisis at home, while at the same time, stumbling into a continuing catalog of catastrophic events abroad. It fails to protect our magnificent law-abiding American citizens but provides sanctuary and protection for dangerous criminals, many from prisons and mental institutions that have illegally entered our country from all over the world.
They won't take them. Well, we took them and every single country now. You saw it with Colombia. You saw it with Venezuela. In fact, they actually offered to send planes to pick them up and they'll pick them up so that we don't have to go through the expense of sending a plane. Is that correct, Mark? Even Marco couldn't believe that one, but they literally are sending planes to pick up these people.
Now. why did they bring that up when she was screaming at him? Why? Because he was grasping for breath, I can't breathe., I can't breathe. I can't she's hitting me too hard. Pocahontas. Well, she won that debate because by could not respond. That's what they all said. They all said that, that's funny I went their own shot.
They don't know that West Virginia exists. They don't like coal. They don't like energy. [Audience calls We don't like her]
Michigan wins, and America wins. That's what's going to happen. Just days ago, Crooked Joe vowed to impose the largest tax in the history of America. It's going to be the biggest tax hike in the history of America, Biden said. The Trump tax cuts are, "going to expire, and I'm not going to renew them if I'm reelected." He had no idea what the hell he was saying, so it doesn't really matter.
He's an open-border extremist who wants to see drugs, criminals, illegal aliens pouring into our country. Not too good. I don't think that's Iowa values, is it? Meanwhile, Franken has vowed to massively raise taxes across every income bracket, and he wants to defund the police. I met all those police back there.
In other words, we're back. Now you can continue to take advantage of us because Europe took advantage of us with NATO like nobody ever. I got Europe to pay $430 billion toward NATO. They would have never paid. For 15, 18 years, it was like this, the payment. And we're protecting them. And some of them were totally delinquent.
And Hillary Clinton wants 550 percent more than Obama -- of people coming in from that area of the world. We don't have documentation, we don't have paperwork, we don't really know who they are. I've spoken to the best law enforcement people in this country and they say, there is really no way of saying who they are and where they come from
They are tough sometimes, but they're great business people and we've helped them. Joe Biden would crush everything Hispanic Americans have worked for, wiping out small businesses with lockdowns and regulations and devastating your families with massive tax hikes. Your tax hikes, your tax, by the way, I'd never heard -- all my life, if you're running for office, you cut taxes, right?
Call me when you're ready." I would have left the room. I would have increased the sanctions as they were dying with the sanctions.  I would have doubled maybe even tripled up on the sanctions and I guarantee you within 48 hours we would have a phone call in Washington D.C., "Please come. We want to immediately give you back your prisoners.
We used to say like 325. I have no idea. We'll figure it out eventually. But let's put it this way. It should be substantially less than 1.4. But we have, let's say we have 325 million, they have 1.4, We're paying $500 million. I mean, relative to government, these aren't huge numbers. But this is an example of what happens when you have bad government, when you have incompetent people.
The 2016 election was probably -- I mean, you could say the greatest election in the history of our country. And now, we have to do it again to keep it going. It's like a giant tree. You plant it but it takes time to grab on. We need this next election so badly. The good news is, it's much easier because here I've done it all.
Think she ever took one little course, like 101, Environment 101? I doubt it. It'll change our whole country around. Well, it's not gonna happen. It's so ridiculous. $100 trillion. I don't think so. A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to ban fracking, ban mining and completely destroy Pennsylvania, and it's true, by the way.
He's a very young, young man, handsome young guy. He's about like 12, you know what? He's got more experience than Hunter, Hunter. Where's Hunter? Where is he? With no experience, no knowledge of energy, no job, got thrown out of the military. I hear he got thrown out by the way. I used to be nice about that.
We're not going to have that. That's called Common Core. We're not going to have it. So we're getting rid of Common Core. And we're going to make it local love, we're going to make it great education. But if you look at worldwide, we're number -- in the top, you know, 30 out of 30 countries, we're No. 30. So we're last.
Except for a couple of people in the audience that I know, forget them. But this is the future. And I thought I'd take a couple of questions. They were asking would I be able to take a couple of questions. So it'd be my honor. Go ahead, sir. Yes. Go ahead, sure.
It was massive. It was as big a crowd as you'll ever see. I think as big as crowd as you'll ever see. And by the way, we're going back to Butler. You're going to be there. We're going back. That's a big deal. We have a lot of people coming, and I really believe that will be the safest place on earth.
Did you see that? They didn't want it to happen before the election, but everybody knows. So we have the vaccine. It's gonna be very quickly delivered by our military. Our military is ready to go logistically. Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state, locking you in your home, but you're already locked in your home, so.
They should be much higher than that. But -- but that's up for whoever is going to be the next president. I think Kamala, it's not going to be high on her list. I don't think anything that we're talking about today is high on her list. The whole country is going to be like -- you want to know the truth.
But you look at what's happening in terms of our police where they're shooting our police at record levels -- 50 percent up. And I said 50 percent, it's actually much higher than that from last year. So, we need law and order. We have to have it. We have to have it. [Applause]
I was ready to get all of this passed, and we had great support, when we got hit with the election, and we got hit with the COVID, and we got hit with everything you could get hit with, and then we rebuilt it, and we had the stock market actually higher than it was just prior to COVID when you think of it. Pretty amazing.
Under the Democrat plan, costs will skyrocket. Our seniors will lose the benefits they paid into their entire -- I mean, they've been paying for their entire lives tremendous amounts of money -- all to finance socialism and open borders. I mean, we're just helping other countries -- countries that aren't even friends of ours. But we help our friends and we help socialism all over the world and we hurt our people, and we're not doing that any longer. [Applause]
I really believe that right now we are fighting like nobody has ever fought before. And you must never forget this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you. Belongs to you and you. Belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage. And our American liberty is your God given right.
Judge can't do anything about that. Judge said, "Do you know what you're doing by asking for this?" We will have to do rapid deportation of all of these border crossers. But we have people that are very seriously ill with contagious diseases, and they're pouring into our country along with all of the rest.
They're going to have to do it. They're doing everything they can to ruin this election, just like they ruined the last. And look at what happened to our country. Look at what happened to our country. They tried to do damage right from the day I came down that escalator. They did damage. Before your very eyes, Joe Biden -- it's hard to believe this because I almost don't believe it's him, I'm telling you.
Now, Russia and China are holding summits together to carve up the world. And perhaps most importantly, we are a nation that is no longer respected or listened to on the world stage. We're a nation that, in many ways, has become a joke. We are a nation that is hostile to liberty, freedom, and faith. And we are a nation whose economy is collapsing into a cesspool of ruin, whose supply chain is broken, whose stores are not stocked, whose deliveries are not coming, and whose educational system is ranked at the very bottom of every single list.
He was a cheerleader for NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made, emptied out your factories, and he was a cheerleader for China's entry into the World Trade Organization. I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of American jobs and I proudly signed a historic executive order making an official government policy to buy American and hire American.
And then they said the fake news, they said, "President Trump treated the NATO nation leaders" -- in brackets, I put brackets, who have been ripping us off -- treated the NATO leaders with tremendous contempt and disrespect. And I said, "No no, no. They disrespected our country because they weren't paying." Now they're paying. How about if we got into a conflict because a country was attacked and now we're in World War 3 and we're protecting a country that was attacked and didn't pay its bills? I'd feel so stupid.
We're joined today by Tammy Nobles, whose 20-year-old daughter, Kayla, was attacked in her home three years ago, horrifically assaulted and strangled to death by an illegal alien MS-13 monster set loose into our country under the open border Biden regime. Kayla was one of countless American victims ripped away from their families by the open border policies of that administration.
and i said this actually to Wolf Blitzer CNN but I said this and people smiled
You see that, Mr. Congressman? Great congressman from Texas. You see that? Russia, it's Russia. And, you know, the whole world laughed at them this time. Two and a half years, not a phone call made to Russia, not anything to do with Russia, except stopping their pipeline and lots of other things that these people approved.
And I've been telling them for a long time. And what they're doing is unbelievable. These politicians are either dumb or they're crooked, OK? And I think it's probably a combination of both. We'll also pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act, reciprocal meaning if China or any other country charges us 100 or 200 percent tax, then we will charge them a reciprocal tax of 100 or 200 percent.
And that's what we're going to do. And we're going to do things that nobody will believe. And it's so simple, and it's going to happen fast. We're going to do great things for the citizens of our country. We're going to make an absolute fortune for the American people. I think it's OK to say that. It's about time.
She attacks the integrity of police. My contract calls for funding training and supporting the incredible men and women of law enforcement. Hillary Clinton wants to release more violent offenders from prison. And frankly from other countries as they illegally enter. My contract calls for a national plan to reduce violent crime and treats safety as a civil right on murder rate is the highest it's been in 45 years.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Deface the Nation.
And that's why American patriots and supporters of Israel, and you have tremendous support in this country, I can tell you that, must stick together. Come hell or high water, you have to stick together. We must have strong borders, strong military, strong families, strong cultures, and above all, we must have a strong American president.
Every single country no matter what. You can look at everyone. You can call out a name. Every single country that we do business with, we end up with the short end of the stick. And it's gonna end here. It's going to end. We're bringing our jobs back here. You know, it's really nice. I tell you what I want to do as long as you're shouting and I love to hear it. Nothing nicer than USA.
That's why they do this stuff with me, these fake prosecutors, right? Deranged people. I will appoint a real special prosecutor to investigate the Biden bribery and crime ring. You know, we have a longtime statute of limitations. We will achieve complete independence from China. I will work to ban federal employees from taking job at companies that they regulate.
Legally. They go through a process. They come in. And we've got to take great people. We want great people to come in. We don't want people pouring across the border like now. I got to know. I was in Laredo, Texas, and I got to know. I was invited by our tremendous people that worked the border, the Border Patrol people.
You don't mind if I go off teleprompter, do you? Because these teleprompters are so damn boring, I try and explain that. Oh, it is. Wow. You guys are doing it. They're getting better with time, my guys. Take a look at that chart. Take a look at the arrow on the bottom. See the big red -- red arrow, right?
He's endorsed me. And let me tell you, Joe Arpaio from Arizona knows about borders. Do we agree? And he endorsed Trump. So, what happened is I gave the speech and then people sort of were very critical. Rush Limbaugh actually said, I have never seen anybody take more incoming... mean, take a beating from the press.
And we just had a great poll come out from Florida University just about a half an hour ago that we're leading by two points the state of Florida. Our victory on November 8th will be a victory for the people, for the people. It won't be a victory for the pundits. It won't be for the special interests that put up all of that Hillary money, and it won't be for the failed politicians.
You can keep your doctor, keep your plan, keep you this, everything's going to be great. Turned out to be a total lie, 28 different times that they know of, and they wouldn't have done it. But when you look at what's happening with corporations and the highest tax -- we pay the highest tax anywhere in the world of any country but they have trillions of dollars overseas, and these are great companies in many cases, they have thousands of employees.
I am asking you so importantly, to believe in America once again. But to bring back your jobs, we must also must immediately repeal and replace Obamacare. [Applause]
And I'll tell you what will happen. Eventually, Boeing loses because China will end up taking the plant, say, "Thank you very much, you dumb suckers." That's what's going to happen. And we can't let this continue to go on. We can't let it continue to go on. Now, somebody said from the Wall Street Journal today, they said, "Well, you're wrong about trade." I believe in free trade.
It's called, you fix it. You take care of it yourselves. You don't have to call some faraway state and have people planed in from areas that they have no idea. They come in from Alaska to help you in Florida. They say, boy, this is hot here. By the time they figure it out, everything would have been fixed.
What? [Audience member calls out "Canadian wall."]
Tough guy, Mr. Tough Guy, Mr. Tough Guy. Just a little bit of a poof and he's gone. Another beauty.
I think the biggest plant by far actually in the world, and some others right along our border. Make cars, put them into here, and you can forget about Detroit, you can forget about Michigan, it would be over. And I didn't like it. So, he told me about it a year ago, and then I started thinking about it.
So a couple of days later he said, sir, we flew over them and they're not doing anything other than they want to fight. And I said, then what you have to do is you have to do what you have to do. And he did his job. And I'll tell you what, we defeated 100% of the ISIS caliphate. And I said, now you can come home.
They're building a Veterans Administration hospital, not a real big one. They're $1.2 billion over budget. Hospital. How many builders are here people. Can you imagine? $1.2 billion over budget. Now, I would be willing to bet that some of those subcontractors and contractors -- I love our contractors. I love our subcontractors, but we have to be smart.
We're doing great. Our numbers are incredible. And despite the fact that they're keeping certain states -- North Carolina, get your governor to open up your state, please. This guy should be defeated. I think they're gonna be voting for Dan, your Lieutenant Governor. I think they're gonna be voting for Dan.
That's what they do. They always seemed to find an answer. It's what they're good at. They're good at stealing, lying. They're good at keeping borders open. They're good at no voter ID. Why don't they want voter ID? Think of it. 88% of the Democrats want voter ID, but not the leadership. There's only one reason you don't want voter ID, because you want to cheat on elections.
Our goal will be one-day voting with paper ballots and voter ID, right? [Audience cheers]
And I give that credit to my sons. They've been members for a long time, so have I. But my sons are fantastic and they really -- and by the way, I have to say this, Wayne and Kris and all of the people, the people that I've met at the NRA. These are great people. They're great Americans. They love the people of this country.
You know why? Because if he ever gave a list, he'd either put somebody in the left middle, which would be OK, you could get votes or put what? Somebody which is what he's going to choose so far left. Now, if he did the left middle, he loses his entire left coast, right? And if he loses the left coast, that's the end of his election.
You know he was a moderate, but he believed very strongly in borders. He had the largest deportation operation we've ever had. Just recently, I spoke to the grieving mother of Jocelyn Nungaray, a wonderful woman, a precious 12-year-old girl from Houston who, last month, was tied up assaulted and strangled to death after walking to the convenience store just a block away from her house.
But I got him to run and he got his feet a little wet and then he uh -- he just took off, and I understand you're doing very well in that poll, John, I hear. Do you wanna come up here? Huh? Come on up. Come here, John. Come here. Come on over here, John. Come on over. He's a great guy and I hope he's going to be voted in. You're doing very well. Come on, John. [Inaudible].
Thank you. Thank you.
She vowed repeatedly to ban fracking. She imposed a natural gas export ban that is crushing the state of Pennsylvania. I'm way up in Pennsylvania, by the way. This helps. Because she's not going to let -- you know, the day after the election, all of these things come back. I hope you know that. She praised the idea of a tax rate of between 70% and 80%.
And where the media is trying to -- begging. Oh, they want a recession so badly. Oh. The word. And every time they go after us, you notice the market goes up? It's the craziest thing. You're going to have to explain this one to me. But we're doing great. We're very close to having another stock market record.
Biden, the most corrupt president we've ever had. The worst president we've ever had. [Audience boos]
It was a tough night, it was a violent night. They marched through nine miles of ice and snow, many without boots on their feet leaving a trail of blood in their wake. At dawn they seized victory at Trenton. Their sacrifice turned the entire tide of the war. Those soldiers came from every walk of life, but what united them all was their devotion to the principle of self-government.
But no matter how big or powerful these corrupt radicals may be, you must never forget this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage, and our American liberty is your God-given right. This state, this is a great state was forged by some of the toughest men and some of the strongest women ever to walk the face of the earth.
A vote for Clinton is a vote to have dangerous open borders where anybody can just walk in and do whatever they want. On every issue, our campaign is about making life better for working people. But we can't accomplish that goal unless we break up the special interests monopoly and give the power back to all of the people.
They have a problem. They're too expensive, and they don't go far. You know, somebody would say, oh, that's not a very nice -- they don't go far. But what's more descriptive? They don't go far. They take a long time to charge also. It's not like fill it up, boom, two seconds later, no, no, we can't do that.
We had 28,000 soldiers. We had the most secure border in the history of our country. We ended catch and release. We stopped asylum fraud. We achieved all sorts of things along the border. It was an incredible thing. It was an incredible period of time. In the end, we got more help securing the border from Mexico than we did from the Democrats in Congress.
What are these people talking about when they talk about the border? "Keep it open." Keep what open? Have you been there? Have you seen? I just got back. I've been there many times. I see what's happening. I don't like it. But I have to tell you, our Border Patrol, our ICE agents, our law enforcement, the job they do -- and they don't have the backup of a wall, in many cases -- the job they do is incredible.
I don't believe it. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Crazy Nancy. Think of that. That crazy Nancy, she is crazy. [Audience shouts "Boo"] And shifty Schiff, how about this guy? How about this guy? [Audience shouts "Boo"] He makes up my conversation which was perfect. He makes up my conversation, he sees what I said.
He's looking to give you the biggest, think of it -- does anybody have a 401k, because you can just throw it right out the window if that happens. This election is a choice between a Trump super recovery and a Biden super depression, because that's what you're going to have. It's a choice between a boom, and a lockdown.
I say that over and over, and I never get challenged by the fakeness, and they challenge almost everything we say. But our fight against the big donors, big media, big tech, and others is just getting started. This is the greatest in history. There's never been a movement like that. You look back there all the way to the Washington Monument.
I want to talk to you for a couple of seconds about how bad your governor is. He's a very unpopular guy. He's done a very poor job for Connecticut. I'm telling you, we have one of the past great people of General Electric in our audience. Where is John? Where is John? Oh, there is John. The great John Meyers, right?
We can't take farmers and take all their people and send them back because they don't have maybe what they're supposed to have, maybe not. And you know what's going to happen and what is happening, they get rid of some of the people. Because you know you go into a farm and you look and people don't -- they've been there for 20, 25 years and they've worked great and the owner of the farm loves them and everything else, and then you're supposed to throw them out.
Have a good time. [Applause]
I guess he was born here, but he left you, folks. He left you for another state. Remember that, please. I meant to say that. This guy talks about oh, I know Scranton I know that -- Well, I know the places better. He left you for another state and he didn't take care of you because he didn't take care of your jobs.
I think they want their independence. I think they're gonna break independence. I think they're gonna break independence. I think they're gonna break away away away, see what's happening with the migration, see what's happening with the migration, see what's happening with the migration. I see where countries are being forced.
And we don't -- now think of it. And we don't even know who they are. There's no paperwork. There's no anything. And all you have to do is look at the website for Obamacare to know that we're never going to figure it out. $5 billion for a website that still doesn't work. And by the way, Obamacare is going to be repealed.
The silent majority is back and stronger than ever before. My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together has only just begun, and it is time to start talking about greatness for our country again. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. So, with the help of everyone here today and citizens all across our land, we will make America powerful again.
Hezbollah is very smart. They're all very smart." The press doesn't like when they say Hezbollah. I said that President Xi of China, 1.4 billion people, he controls it with an iron fist. I said, "He's a very smart man." They killed me the next day. I said he was smart. Whatever I got to say. But Hezbollah, they're very smart.
I am some corporate lobbyists for cash. I am some corporate lobbyists for cash. I am NOT able to look the other way and I NOT able to look the other way and I NOT able to look the other way. And I won't look the other way and when a secretary of state illegally and when a secretary of state illegally and when a secretary of state illegally stores her emails on a private server stores, her emails on a private server stores.
In another communication, Bill Clinton's chief of staff says foreign government -- right, this should be another one. Just like swamp -- you know the swamp little statement -- this one, this one. Do you remember what it is? Right? All the money is in, right? They said all the money is in. They're talking about foreign money pouring into their pockets. They said all the money is in. [Booing]
We do great here and -- and I appreciate it. And I take care of our workers and I take care of jobs, and China will not get away with what they got away with. They're not going to get away with it. They're not going to get away with it. We just finished an incredible trade deal. In fact, two weeks ago, the largest order of corn in the history of our country, the largest order of soybeans in the history, the largest beef order, cattle, the beef order.
Right? So a couple of more slides then I can just -- otherwise you know, I have the statue [Inaudible], I have the statue mission. He's a great guy. I feel so badly when I recover of this statue. So let's see, factories would close the door I would replace. [Inaudible] There's something, you know. Medium household income in Connecticut has declined $6,000 since 2000 and they're working hard.
In the state... I mean, honestly, other than Iowa, which was the weakest one I had. But, in the state, I'm leading the states. Leading here tremendously. But every single national poll I'm leading. And just about, I think, every state poll I'm leading. So I spent the least and I have the best result, right?
I don't know. I don't know anything about my son's business, my son's business." Remember, during the debate, I said, "What about your son's business? What about China?" "Nothing to do with China." They took in millions. But so much more money pours in. And Joe, he knew all about it. It was a big lie. That was the big lie.
It's pretty simple. The Republican Party is, once again, the party of common sense. We're a party of common sense. We want strong borders. We don't want men playing in women's sports. We don't want to have transgender for everybody. We're the party of common sense. That's how we won the election in such a big manner.
She's so great and she did so well, and she's a big star here. And I helped her make it. I own the Miss Universe pageant. And I heard that she wouldn't introduce me.
And I'm working to make the same antibody treatment that I received available to anybody that needs it free. We're getting it approved. We're getting it, we're signing what's called emergency-use declaration, we're getting it because it's so new, it's not even really approved. It's almost like Right to Try, you know I got Right to Try, right?
We don't need all these faraway lands and everything else, we are now energy independent and we're going to keep it that way. Take a look at this clip, we had it made up and I think you'll like -- first time I've ever done this, right, first time. Go ahead, wherever it is, put it up. [Video playing] [Audience Boos] And what we don't show is his more current version.
What does work is natural gas, oil, nuclear and other things. But the windmills are a disaster. I am the biggest negative person on windmills. They ruin your locations. They ruin -- When I look at some of these countrysides that are littered with windmills and every time it goes around, you lose money. The country loses money.
And I said, if you're not going to give them to me, we're going to charge you a nice, big, beautiful fat tariff of 25%, 50%. It will go up to 100%. And they said, "We would be delighted to give you 28,000 soldiers, sir." And now, last week, I heard they want to charge the United States billions of dollars, billions, just for the privilege of sitting down with them and negotiating.
And that was good. But who el -- who wouldn't have made that decision? I mean, is there anybody that wouldn't have made that decision? And now, instead of sitting back and relaxing, he's bragging, "I got bin Laden", because that's one of the things he did. And, you know, give him some credit. But I think anybody else would've made the same decision.
This is just temporary. We are ripping this down next year. Look on the horizon." And I saw 42 cranes on the horizon, building something like I've never seen before, the real airport. And then I land at LaGuardia and I say, "Can you believe this? Can you believe this?" When you see that place, you know what I'm talking about.
She wrapped him up all cozy in a curvature of silk and then laid him by the fireside with honey and some milk. Nice woman. Now she hurried home from work that night. As soon as she arrived, she found that pretty snake she'd taken in and she'd revive. Take me in oh tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake.
And as soon as he was gonzo -- it all started with the debate, the debate. All that time, all that effort. A friend of mine said, "You did a terrible job in the debate." I said, "Why do you say that? Everybody said I was brilliant." They said, "No, you got him out of the race with that debate." It's all right.
I said, you know what? Let's not do it, and it turned out to be a great, great decision. Nobody was hurt. Listen to this. Nobody was hurt. I got great credit for good reaction under pressure, which is always nice, right? You have to react under pressure. Our President doesn't know how to react under pressure.
I immediately called our great ambassador to Israel, David Friedman -- very successful man, great lawyer, one of the most successful lawyers in the country before he decided to do what he's doing. I said, "David, they want us to pay a billion dollars for the embassy. I don't want to pay a billion dollars." I said, "Study it -- do you have any buildings that we own?" We own so much we don't even know what the hell we own. "Find some building in a great location. Call me back."
She is running to be America's Angela Merkel. And you see what happened to Angela Merkel of Germany. They had a massive defeat recently in the elections, because Germany has had problems like it's rarely seen before. And look at France and look at other countries. It's catastrophic, folks. It's catastrophic.
So, they missed the statute of limitations. They did everything. Now, let me give you the good news. The good news is, last night, we just got a report this morning in the history of politics. I believe maybe I'm wrong. Somebody will find that I'm wrong. Maybe. But I don't think so. They raised with small money donors, meaning like $21, $42, $53, $38. A record $39 million in about a 10-hour period.
What they're doing to women is horrible. Yet, despite all of this, Biden, Pelosi, Schumer, the whole group, and the radical left are still hell-bent on passing mass amnesty for illegal aliens. One of the highest priorities, when Republicans take back Congress and eventually the White House, will be to have a massive increase in the number of ICE officers and Border Patrol officers so that we can find and detain and deport every one of the illegal aliens that Joe Biden has released into our country.
Come here. Look at the size of this. Come here, Sam. Look at him, big Sam. Come here. Are we going to win Iowa, Sam?
Wendy Rogers. Wendy. Great job, Wendy. Great job. And a friend of mine and somebody that is very unsung because this man, really, he's another warrior. And he's out there all the time, and he just works. He doesn't want to do anything but work. He just wants to get the job done. Sonny Borrelli. Sonny. Thank you, Sonny.
Put classified information in the reach of our enemies, lied to Congress and sell government favors and access through the Clinton Foundation. It's this attitude of arrogance that explains why Hillary Clinton made 13 phones disappear, including with a hammer - so the FBI couldn't see them and why she bleached her e-mails after a congressional subpoena - that's after the subpoena came. This isn't before. That's after the subpoena came.
We have to do so many things. But to be a rich nation, we must also be a safe nation. National security begins at the border. Speaking in secret to a foreign bank, Hillary Clinton said, her dream, is for totally open trade, there go your jobs. And open borders, there goes your country. There goes your country.
Oh, a great Congressman over there. Are you guys having a good time, by the way, huh, Mike? He said the voters don't deserve to know and they'll tell you after the election what he's going to do. And you know what I did, I gave you a list of 45 people on that list, every one of them's a star and I gave you a list.
Your gas prices are way down. Everything I said is done. But the one thing, it's hard. It's hard. Think of the time we spent on having murderers and gang members and prisoners from all over the world come into our country. We're getting them out fast. But it's a terrible thing what they've done to our country, and I hope you remember it, what they've done to our country, our beautiful country. 11,888 murderers came into our country.
That's a big statement. I'll tell you who didn't allow him. Someday. I'll do it at my next rally. But can you imagine this? Because, you know, we have a deep state, too, in this country and a deep state -- they work with the Democrats and the Republicans, and those are the Republicans I don't like. In fact, those are the Republicans that, in many ways, are worse than the Democrats, OK? They're worse.
And in the very near future, it's going to be gone, Obamacare
These are great people, but they're just telling me the level of excitement and the people coming out -- I think we're going to have -- beyond the Brexit -- I think we're going beyond Brexit. You know about Brexit.[Applause]
[Audience calls "Yeah"] And Chuck Todd who is a very good guy but he asked me a question. Are there any reasons for which you'd get out? Is there any possible -- I said honestly Chuck, you know, I'm not a masochist. And I went through and I read something, and I said I'm not -- If I'm doing badly, I guess, I'd get out.
Thank you very much. The life of a soldier is not just a job, it's a calling and a sacred tradition passed down from father to son, brother to sister and one generation to the next. At every hour of danger, our noblest citizens have answered that call, kiss their loved ones' goodbye and run to the sound of guns, you run to the sound of guns.
These are a hard one to find. [Audience calls out "We love Trump"] I'll tell you what. You know, a great, great couple, Barbara and you, Roan. Do you know about their son Riley, Riley Roan. Where are they? Are they around here someplace? Where are they? Come up here if you can. Do you mind? Do you mind? Come on. [Audience calls out "Yeah"] Tell the Secret Service.
You know that. The spirit of our country's been soaring. After years of recruiting shortages, and we had bad ones, it was embarrassing, frankly. During my campaign, before the election, November 5th, after that, it all changed. After we won, it all changed. And now we have waiting lists, with record numbers, trying to join the US Navy, and all of the armed forces.
Now we have to do it. We have no choice. We either have a country or we don't. And I want them to come back but I want them to come back with papers. I want them to come back legally. I want them to come back, the good ones, the good ones, but only the good ones. We got some bad ones, you remember the heat I took with illegal immigration?
And, they always use Europe. "Oh, look at Europe. Look at Europe." Well, take a look at Europe. Look at how they're doing, and their economy is in tatters, and they have a lot of problems, and we don't want that. We don't want that, and that should've never happened. Should've never happened. That should've never been allowed to happen.
I went her out and I got out of there. I went her out and I got out of there. I was in Scotland one night that's not was in Scotland one night. That's not was in Scotland one night. That's not easy. You know, it's a long trip, right? I easy, you know, it's a long trip, right? I easy, you know, it's a long trip, right?
You know, there's an economic development project where I would have loved to have used Eminent domain. Ultimately, I didn't use it. They said in the ad that I did. They said I ripped down this house from an old woman. Never happened. I didn't go forward with it. If I did, we would have had thousands of jobs, it would have been a big hotel and all that stuff, but it didn't go forward, it never happened.
Check it out. He ought to be fired real fast. The Keystone Pipeline would've been great. A lot of jobs and would've done a good job. With the help of Pennsylvania energy workers under my leadership, we had American energy independence for the first time ever. Ever. And within a short period of time, we would've been energy dominant.
He gets three and a half million. Then he goes to China. He's like a human vacuum cleaner. He follows his father. Then he goes to China, gets a billion and half to manage, even though he's never heard of managing, when he knows nothing about it. And gets millions of dollars in fees. And then he goes for the big [Inaudible], but that's where it sort of ended.
And these people didn't want it. They just wanted me to make a fair platform. And I said, "I'll never forget this meeting. I will never forget it," because again, I meet with a lot of different groups and they're always asking for an advantage. Okay, I'm not blaming anybody. These farmers didn't want it. They said, "We don't want that, sir.
You know, I was in South Carolina, really great boat company, boat manufacturer. And I said, "So, what's the big problem?" "Well, sir, they want us to start thinking about going all-electric boats." I said, "Wouldn't that be very heavy?" He said, "Heavy. The whole boat's going to be a battery." And I actually brought up a thing.
When we won on November 5th, it all changed, and we went from a country that wasn't respected and a lot of people that had no spirit. That includes joining the police, the fire departments, they didn't want to join. After that, they started joining. And it seems like 10 years ago, not less than a year, think of it, less than a year ago, I was campaigning.
They took over complexes. And they have a radical-left governor who's petrified. He doesn't want anything to do with it. He's afraid. He's chicken shit, OK? He's afraid. [Audience chants "Trump"] They're breaking down doors. They're collecting the rent. Isn't it nice? They just come over from Venezuela.
We want to give school choice to every child in America who needs it from kindergarten to 12th grade because no parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school. And I pass criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life, that's a big deal. This could not have been done by anyone, but the Republican Party.
We are a nation that is hostile to liberty and freedom and faith. We are a nation whose economy is floundering, whose stores are not stocked, whose deliveries are not coming, and whose educational system is ranked at the bottom of every list. But we are not going to let this continue. Two years ago, we had the greatest -- there's never been anything like it. Two years ago, it was greatness like no one had ever seen.
We created opportunity zones to promote more jobs in low-income communities. We opened ANWR -- that's a big one. We opened up ANWR. [Applause] That was one that they said no President could get it for many years. I wasn't going to do it because I was angry at someone. I said I'm not going to do it.
Shutting down American producers -- the Paris Accord would've been shutting down American producers with excessive regulatory restrictions like you would not believe, while allowing foreign producers to pollute with impunity. They were allowed to do what they were doing. I'm proud that, today, the United States has among the very cleanest air and drinking water on Earth -- anywhere on Earth.
Sometimes you'll go and we'll go and stuff like that will go on a whole entire time. But I just respect those two guys a lot. So I want to thank you, fellows. Amazing. Really amazing. Really amazing. It's what we need. I really -- we need It. So you look at what's happening with our country where we're being beaten so badly and trade is so important.
Thank you, Brandon. Thank you very much. Nick Langworthy, terrific guy. Claudia Tenney. Where's Claudia? Where's Claudia? She's been amazing. Congressional candidate, Mike LiPetri. Where's Mike? Thank you, Mike. Good. I heard you're leading big. And Alison Esposito, she's a tough one. Alison, thank you.
We're going to work in a very good plan. We have to. We have to.
We're going to fix them folks. You know, last year we lost almost $800 billion in trade deficits. We have trade deficit with other nations of almost $800 billion. And I have some friends in the audience, I guarantee I can take any one of those friends - one in particular who happens to be brutal but that's OK, lives in North Carolina, so you know, one of those things, right, but a great business person.
They don't get the credit they deserve. Now they want to go all electric and put you all out of business. You know that, right? To the welders, assembly line workers, machine operators, forklift drivers, pipe fitters, tool and die makers, mechanics, electricians, technicians, and journeymen, we love being with you, and we love being with you right in your environment.
OK. I want to finish by stating the following. It's hard to believe what's happened. It's hard to believe that Obama became the president of the United States. Not because of race, not because of color, not because of anything, but because of all of the things that we don't know about. Why did he spend millions of dollars trying to get out of the birth certificate issue?
We have two very unpopular people running for election.
You're never going to have the great officers that we've had over the years. Our police officers are heroes, performing a great public service at great personal risk. It's an unbelievably dangerous job. And by the way, more dangerous today, by far, than it has ever been. Rare mistakes are made, but we cannot allow every isolated policing mistake to be turned into a national crisis and all power taken away from our police so that people are killed all over the streets of our country.
It's called "forest management." I got killed for that. And then, about three weeks later, they announced I was right. Because I was out there last year and what I saw was so horrific with some of the fires -- so many people killed. The fire was -- you talk about bullets, the fire was like a bullet.
I'm going to fight for every child living in poverty. I'm going to fight for every mom and for every dad who's lost child to illegal immigration and drugs and gang violence is deplorable to use her horrible term in referring to certain friends of mine. And irredeemable. That's even worse. That means, you have no chance.
Eight days from now, we are going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and we're going to win four more great years in the White House. Our opponent, sleepy Joe Biden, you heard it the other night at the debate. Did anybody see the debate? That's where he said that there will be no fracking, right? No energy.
This election day, you have one magnificent chance to deliver justice for every forgotten man, woman, and child in this country.
Nobody else will be able to do that. Look at what we did. We defeated ISIS. Remember when Hillary Clinton -- I don't call her crooked anymore. I've given that term over to Biden. I don't know. I call her Beautiful Hillary. She's a beautiful woman, Beautiful Hillary. Remember when she was, "He'll cause a war with his personality." Now, my personality kept us out of war.
I saw so many stupid things. I said, "Who makes these deals? So, the World Health, WHO, with COVID, with all the problems, they were way late. So, we paid $500 million a year. Let's say we have 350 million people. We have no idea how many people we have because they're pouring in at a level that changes every hour.
The United States is now taking that decisive action to end this grave economic injustice. Our goal is simple. We want balanced trade that is both fair and reciprocal. We have worked closely with our partners in Mexico and Canada to replace NAFTA with the brand new and hopefully bipartisan U.S./Mexico/Canada Agreement.
A nation whose once revered airports are dirty, crowded messes, where you sit and wait for hours, and then you're notified that the plane won't leave and they have no idea when they will, where ticket prices have tripled, they don't have the pilots to fly the planes, they don't see qualified air traffic controllers, and they just don't know what the hell they're doing.
Although, I must tell you, you gave me great support during that, those two problems, those two fake witch hunts, which have now turned out to be totally fake and disgusting. But you gave me tremendous support. But the Republican party has to stick together. We just can't have people going, one, two, three votes and we don't have that luxury.
Our goal is peace and prosperity, not war and destruction. The best way to achieve those goals is through a disciplined, deliberate and consistent foreign policy. With President Obama and Secretary Clinton we've had the exact opposite -- a reckless, rudderless and aimless foreign policy, one that has blazed the path of destruction in its wake.
Thank you. Wow. Thank you very much. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]
You know why? Because they respect me. I also have great locations that helps, right? But they respect me. But, you know, friends of mine that are in the manufacturing business, they find it impossible to do business with China, and they get taxed. They send their stuff in here, and I buy it. I buy a lot of it because our companies can't compete.
So, Jocelyn is in heaven now looking down on us right now, and in her name and her memory, we'll be fighting to protect every American daughter and child. That's why we're here because this will happen and has happened by the thousands. There are thousands of people that are in horrible situations like this.
I kept saying, "Do you think we're going to win?" and I will say Sean Duffy said, "You're going to win." He actually said, "Don't worry about it." Right, Sean? I said, "Sean, do you think we're going to win here?" I don't like these polls we're four down. He said, "Sir, you're going to win so easy." And early in the night they said, "Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin, and so what I'm here speaking in the freezing cold, I'm lucky they had -- I said, "do you think we have -- You know it's very warm in New York and very warm in Washington, it was hot actually, and I said, "Do you think we have a coat on the plane?
We will have that back soon. We're going to have so many auto plants and so many steel plants built in this country now. So, simple too. It's so simple. And, you know, I've been talking about this for the last couple of months, and people are starting to understand it. They're starting to understand it.
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and they know that. A strong Europe is a blessing to the West and to the world. [Applause] One hundred years after the entry of American forces into World War I, the transatlantic bond between the United States and Europe is as strong as ever and maybe, in many ways, even stronger.
And Fifth: I am going to ask Congress to pass a campaign finance reform that prevents registered foreign lobbyists from raising money in American elections.
Did you like the answer I gave? [Audience answers "Yeah"] Yeah. That's cool. Yeah, they used the word angry. Same thing. Close enough, right?
Look at Chicago look at what's going on there. Look at what's going on in Atlanta, look at Atlanta, it's so sad. What's going on? And these are radical left no bail, no cash bail! No, Nothing! I mean you kill somebody! No problem, no problem! They're going to have to get their act together, they're going to have to get their act together because we're not going to put up with it much longer.
It is time to help Americans get off the welfare and get back into the labor market, and they're going to want to do it, they're going to want to do it.
So you'll see it sometime next week.
And the problem is it's a one-way street. We pay tax. They don't take our goods. They make us build like crazy over there. You look at Boeing. They order 300 planes. They end up having to build a massive place over there. They devalue their currency. They're grand, grand masters. They're the greatest in the world ever. Japan's good. They're all good.
I love your speeches. I think everything is great, but could you please stop saying we're going to be a rich nation again? It sounds so crass." And I said, "You know what, we have no choice. We've got to be." We owe right now -- how much -- how many -- how many trillion do we owe? I just want -- it's exactly right.
Just came out, Rasmussen. Georgia, we're up very nicely, four or five, but we're really up much more than that, don't forget, if we're up four, add another four, five, six, seven to it. I'm not sure I'm proud of it, but people don't wanna talk about it, right? They don't wanna talk, but they vote. They vote.
That's a big one, and they're doing a beautiful job, too. But I gave you the biggest, and a lot of states aren't so happy with that. They still remember that. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"]
How do you get zero votes at a city? But we watch. And we'll sue. And we'll keep doing it. And we'll keep having law enforcement right along side of us. If Joe Biden and his democrat socialists are elected, they will delay the vaccine, delay therapies, prolong the pandemic, close your schools. Your schools have to open and shut down our country.
Good, good. And you're going to win, Jim. You're going to win. And Lisa Scheller. Lisa, thank you very much. Great job. I hear you too are doing really good. If you have any problems, call Lou, he'll help you. Let me also thank my campaign state chairwoman, Bernie Comfort. Where are you? Thank you very much Bernie.
My administration is also committed to passing a historic infrastructure package that will generate $1 trillion to rebuild America's crumbling infrastructure with a special focus on roadways and highways. [Applause]
The Republicans are totally in favor of doing something substantial for DACA. But the Democrats like it as a campaign issue, so they don't get it approved. And they want to tie it to the wall, which is okay with me. But both should get approved. They don't want it to be approved.
Uh, this is not a candidate that could get a 80, 80 million votes. This is just not a candidate. This is not a candidate that beat Barack Hussein Obama with the black voter, okay? This is not a candidate that beat Obama with the black voter. This is not a candidate that beat Hillary Clinton to a pulp. It just doesn't work that way.
There was no way -- Look at this crowd we have here. Biden came here he had -- nobody. Gallop, Gallop, you know the Gallop poll, they did a -- I don't say this braggingly, the most admired man in the world, or the country -- I don't say it. I say it for a different reason. So I came in first -- Obama came in second, and Biden came in way low.
This is a very important state, and we have to get this solved. We have to get you out. We're winning by a lot, but, you know, you can lose by a little. You know, when you're winning by a lot, you can still lose by a little, and we can't take a chance of losing the great state of North Carolina. We're not going to lose the great state of North Carolina.
King Salman, I thank you for the creation of this great moment in history, and for your massive investment in America, its industry and its jobs. I also thank you for investing in the future of this part of the world.
So, as we restore every border security policy of the Trump presidency, I will also demand that Congress impose criminal penalties on any future administration that erases America's borders, as Joe Biden has done. They've erased our borders. Through weakness and incompetence, Joe Biden has brought us to the brink of World War III.
And they said, "What happened? That's no good." Because I'm not one of them. Because I'm going to do the right thing. I don't need this, folks. I don't need this. I don't need this. Phil Ruffin told me this morning, came over, we met. And he's done such an amazing job with this hotel and his wife is actually much more amazing than him.
He was going to win the great state. And he didn't do too well. Utah. That was going to be trouble. So, Mike has to run against him, and I think that's going to be a quick one. Congresswoman Lauren Boebert. Where is Lauren? Where is Lauren? Where is she? Hi, Lauren. She's so great. She's a warrior, another warrior.
You want us to enforce immigration laws and defend our borders.
I said, "Look it, I'm so proud of it. I think it's one of the greatest." It was done by the Border Patrol, one of the greatest charts I've ever seen. It showed everything just like that. You know the chart. Oh, there it is. That's pretty good. Wow. Last time I put up that chart, I never really got to look at it. But without that chart, I would not be here today.
Oh, I watched an interview with a person on MSDNC. I don't watch it much, but I watched because Sleepy Joe is on, and she's like -- Did you see that interview yesterday? It was like -- and she's very tough, very, very tough, very nasty, and she's feeding him. Can't answer, so what she's doing is no, no, no, "Isn't it, Joe?", "Yes.", "Isn't it true that Trump is a horrible human being.", "Well, uh, uh, yes, I -- Yeah, as we discussed before, it's true." This was the worst, most obvious -- and this was a killer.
They're bad ones. They're tough, tough people. Thank goodness we have ICE and Border Patrol, and we have great law enforcement. We have great, great law enforcement. [Applause] I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
Would you do it?" "Only if you want me to." So he would -- didn't want it. It's called "Welcome to the world of politics." So he said, "Sir, if you want," and I said, "I'd like to have you do it. You're an admiral. You're a great leader. You're a doctor, incredible family, zero problem in your past -- zero." I said it about two people.
I've spent time with the families of wonderful Americans whose loved ones were killed by the open borders and sanctuary cities that Hillary Clinton supports. [Booing]
Great job you're doing, both of you. Thanks as well to Iowa Governor Kim Reynolds. Thank you, Kim. Great job. She ran a great race. And a great friend of mine also: Nebraska Governor Pete Ricketts. Pete, thank you. Thank you, Pete. And another tremendous person, tremendous woman -- a winner; somebody that helps us all so much: Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska.
And I said, wait a minute, folks. Why are we doing this and they've been trying to do it for 49 years? They couldn't get it done, not that easy. The drug companies didn't want the liability. The country didn't want the liability, the insurance companies didn't want the liabilities. I said here's what we do, we'll sign an agreement with the people where you're a sculpt from all liability, huh.
But I said, it's nothing compared to the damage that he's doing. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of our country and you added them all up, all of them, they will not have done the damage that Crooked Joe Biden has done to our country. You could take the 10 worst presidents. I mean, what he's doing at the border and it's a very difficult problem, you know?
We can't let that happen again, we're gonna come back. And, I really believe we're gonna take what they did to us on November 3rd -- we're gonna take it back. But, these two people, they -- they can't go through this, they can't go through it. If you don't go and vote, the Socialists, the Marxists will be in charge of our country.
And we're going to shame them into doing the right thing. But we're going to beat Hillary. Polls have come out where I'm leading her. Recently, rolls have come out where I'm... USA Today, the Q-poll, others. Fox recently came out with a poll, I'm beating her. I haven't even started on her yet folks. I haven't even started.
I told everybody. And they all listened, and they stopped, and we had something that was incredible. We had the great terror organization stopped, totally stopped. They stopped, and we had no problem. You know, for four years, we didn't have an incident. Think of it. And I didn't want to talk. I wanted to say it so badly, even during the campaign, where we did much better than we did the first time, by the way.
They're not going woke. Nobody's going to talk them into going woke. Those guys did their job. And you're so right. Thank you, Carlos.
My first call, if and when we win, if and when we win, I have to be, you know -- we're going against the party, if and when, but hopefully, we do. My first call will be from Iran. Their economy is a disaster. They're down, GDP 27%. I've never even heard of that. They're down 27%. They're -- they're -- it's a disaster.
Will you come up here, Mr. Senator? Come up here real fast, come on. I got to get you up. This is a man who's going to be one of the best senators, toughest senators, and great for you. And I hear your poll numbers are looking good. Will you say a quick hello so I don't have to go through this process in 15 minutes.
It's a disaster. It's a disaster. But the biggest disaster, our regulations, our rules regulations are horrible. We're going to get rid of probably 85% of them. There are some we live with but we got to go back. So many people from this area have told me regulations, regulatory climate is the worst they've ever seen it. I have a friend who's a farmer and if a puddle forms they consider it a lake for purposes of environmental.
I need to get myself Carl Icahn or somebody else that's very good at this stuff, OK. I call him up and say, fellas, you haven't paid for years. Give us the money or get the hell out. Get out. You haven't paid for years. They have agreements. They have agreements. It's all agreements and they haven't paid for years.
You will. Send me your rep. I don't want to get into an argument with you. I like you too much. Send me your top negotiator." He sent this very handsome guy. He actually came into New York, and I met him in New York. Can you believe that? We met during the United Nations, and I said, "We need 28,000 soldiers.
It's not going to happen anymore. I will tell you. So this is a special night for me and I had no idea this was going to happen. We started out literally 24 hours ago, maybe less. We had no idea. And we went out. We set up the web site. I called some friends and we just cracked -- the sign was just given, we just cracked $6 million, right?
In fact, employees are given bonuses after making bad decisions. In 2014, the VA awarded $142 million in bonuses to its employees, including bonuses to the executives who oversaw construction of the Denver VA hospital that was more than $1 billion over budget. Two other VA executives even abused their authority to obtain $400,000 in relocation benefits. It doesn't have to be this way.
So what we did, we raised this money, and we're giving it out. And we just gave out a check for $100,000 a little while ago. We're giving out another check and they can bring it up and we'll get it delivered, right -- it's Mulberry Street Veterans Shelter. They do an amazing job and we have been very careful.
I just told him at the press conference. I said, you've got to stop calling these people masterminds. We have to take back the Internet. There's so many things we have to do. We have a president that doesn't have a clue. We have a president that says ISIS is contained. He's contained. The only thing contained is us. We're contained because we have no leadership.
We're going to bring back our jobs -- and, yes, we're going to bring back the American Dream. As I traveled the nation, I heard the pleas of the forgotten men and women of our country -- the people who work hard and play by the rules, but who don't have a voice. Together, we are their voice, and they will never, ever be forgotten again. That I can tell you. [Applause]
No, we can't say anything even a little bit wrong. I can't even joke. When I used to show Biden couldn't find the stairs off the stairway, they'd say, "Trump couldn't find -- " They'd say -- they took it, and they would say I couldn't -- when different things -- the worst thing you can do with them is sarcasm because it doesn't work with the fake news.
And and in all fairness, because look at all those cameras, they're all live and they're trying to shut off the camera right now. But you know what they're all live and so many live cameras. But look at -- thank you. But I will say this, the media is very dishonest, but there is a certain group that are fantastic people and every once in a while I'll get an honest story and I love it.
You get your money back, OK? Everybody in this -- Wow. They're doing something a little different here. I've never seen that before. Wow. No, I want to take care of 100 percent, not 99 percent, right? Good. You OK over there? Are you OK? So, I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so.
A Trump administration will suspend the Syrian refugee program. [Applause]
... that was flown to Iran. It was flown to Iran. $400 million in cash.
Remember -- you got to remember we got 1.2 million more votes than Ron DeSanctimonious. You know that, right? Everyone says, "Oh, he did so well." He did well because I endorsed him. That's the only reason. He was gone. But we got 1.2 million more votes than Ron DeSanctis, as NBC called him the other day.
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of New Hampshire, we have made American powerful again, our military. We have made America wealthy again, our stock market, 401(k)s. How are your 401(k)s doing? We have made America strong again.
We had 53 we picked up in the Senate. They were going to win the Senate, remember? And I'll tell you, folks, I worked hard. I did 32 big, fat rallies. And those rallies brought us to a tremendous Senate victory so that we can continue onward with our judges and our approvals. And the fake news back there, they love to say "Donald Trump suffered a big defeat." First of all, we won the Senate, which, frankly, judges -- you know, I hate to say it: In all due respect for us, the Senate, far more important.
We developed a wide array of effective treatments, including a powerful antibody treatment known as convalescent plasma. You saw that? On Sunday night when we announced it. That will save thousands and thousands of lives.
Because I don't want soldiers killed. That's why I'm speaking to the Taliban. So, I said, Abdul, it's wonderful to speak to you, Abdul. I'm sure you're a lovely person. These are fighters. These are people, they've been fighting for a thousand years. They live in crevices. They're very good fighters. All you have to do is ask -- ask the Soviet Union, which became Russia -- smaller, he's trying to build it up. It's not working so well because we've got to have a lot of land, but there's not going to be a lot on it. But there's a lot of death, a lot of death.
I have immunity. And until I came along, you know, you used to hear, you have immunity for life, right? As soon as I had it and got better they were not too happy about that. And they said, the speed this guy got better. But you know what? As soon as I had it I got better. I said I had immunity. It was supposed to be for life, when it was me they said it was only good for four months.
They'll say, "Do you have proof?" Yeah, I have proof. They threw stones in the police's face. They hurt Mexican police. They hurt Mexican military very badly. They broke through. You saw it. It was on television. It was terrible. And so Mexico is trying. They are trying, but we're different. We more than try.
You know why it's my fault? Because the country is doing so well, it's so successful that everybody wants to come here. But it doesn't work that way. So it's my fault. I take the blame. I take the blame. If we let the country fail, we'd have no problem. But we don't want to do that. We don't want to do that.
We need insurance, we have to get insurance for this. This is wrong what we're doing. Trump was right. It turned out that it was a whole big disinformation deal. And you know who the guilty party is? The Democrats and Hillary, they were the ones that dealt with Russia. It wasn't us, which we've been saying for a long time.
Okay? I only want the right ones. But I think it's a tremendous thing we can do. We can do a lot of great things from -- it's called the power of the White House. We can do some incredible things. And we want to only do the right things. But these are three unbelievable representatives. And there are so many more out there that we don't know about.
It's true. There's so much love. Together, we're taking on some of the most menacing forces and vicious opponents our people have ever seen. We've never seen anything like it. But no matter how hateful and corrupt the communists and criminals we are fighting against may be, you must never forget this nation does not belong to them.
Kayla was a person who, after volunteering to provide humanitarian aid in Syria, she wanted to help people. It didn't have to be in Arizona. It didn't have to be in our country. Kayla wanted to help people, but she was kidnapped by ISIS and held captive directly by the ISIS leader, al-Baghdadi, who, as you remember, we gave him a bad send-off into hell.
If you want chaos, if you want crime, if you want carnage, you must immediately vote for radical Democrats because they will give it to you. That's what they're doing. Look at every city that's run by the Democrats. If you want safety, security, and strength, vote for America-first Republicans this November.
Has anybody noticed the weather outside? [Audience responds "No"]
Our friends are far worse, in many ways, in terms of trade. The European nation is -- the European nations are just ripping us to shreds. Everyone says, "Oh, it's so nice, the European nations." They're not. They're very tough. They're very, very tough, you know, with trade. They don't take our cars.
We are going to cut your prices right down to the bottom. You know what it's going to do it? Energy. Energy -- you know, energy brought it up and energy is going to -- it's going to bring it down. We have so much energy. We have so much energy. We're going to raise your wages and bring thousands and thousands of factories back to America, including back to North Carolina.
The 5% totally phony numbers. So I say, "Here's what we're going to do. Very simple. You build your plant in Mexico enjoy yourselves and you're going to sell their conditions and just have them cross the border and sell them to the United States. No you're going to pay a 35% tax on every air condition." It's true.
He's an insurrectionist." Then two weeks later, "Sir, I'd love to be part of the campaign. I think I could really have -- " These are phony people, so 90% of them, we won't take back. And it could be a hundred. It could be a hundred. But with your vote, we will throw out Bidenomics, and we will reinstate MAGAnomics, MAGAnomics, right? [Audience cheers]
But think of a guy, who makes up a phone call, makes up my words, viciously says, eight quid pro quos. In other words, you got to do this and we're not going to do that. And there were none. There were none. They couldn't believe it when I released that call. I would have loved to have seen their faces. And then he goes before the United States Congress and before the American public and he makes up the story of what I said.
My first week in office, I withdrew from the job-wrecking Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would have destroyed the auto industry.
That's more than five times the gains in all eight years under the Obama administration. Think of that. In three years versus eight years. Medium income range reached $69,000, that's good, that's good. That's an all-time, that's an all-time high. Income for black Americans grew nine times, think of that.
They're all over the place. And where they're not -- those people running those towns, when they're not, they are going to -- they're petrified. They don't want them coming in. In one town, in Ohio, as you know, they have a beautiful town of -- think of this -- 50,000 people. And they dumped 30,000 migrants into the town. [Audience boos]
By the way they will be out of there so fast. We have some of these tough gangs and they're all illegal immigrants. And those guys are gone and we're not going to put him in our jails. I know a lot of people say we're going to put him back we're bringing it back to the country they came from. Let them use their jails.
I mean, I barely met the guy. You know, most of these guys I get to meet in one form or another for better or worse. I hardly know this guy. I never really remember meeting him. He obviously created a great impression, but he's not a hard worker. He's cruising on his father's past. I met the father. I think I knew the father better than I knew the son.
But they said this must be an outlier. This is an outlier. This could -- they spend $1 million on a poll, and they're trying to say the poll is wrong. It's got to be wrong. I think the poll is right. We got to get out and vote, and we got to make sure they don't cheat. Keep your eyes open. Do what you have to do. But we got to make sure they don't cheat because they're going to try and cheat.
68. [Audience responds "42"]
And virtually, every single leader, that's not too many people by the way, in her home state of South Carolina is on our side. We have almost everybody. And I can say that for Texas. I can say that for Michigan. We just had a great poll today for Michigan. We're up 11 points. It's so hard. The auto workers, they don't want to see cars being built in China.
We are going to have a country that you're going to be so proud of. We're going to take this country back. And we have something, we have something that's amazing. We have the people. I see the people. I see it everywhere I go. The people are so incredible. So we're going to take this country back. We're going to make America Great again.
Christians driven from their homes and hunted for extermination. ISIS rounding-up what it calls the nation of the cross in a campaign of genocide, horrible genocide. We cannot let this evil continue. We cannot do it. Nor can we let the hateful ideology of radical Islam, its oppression of women, gays, children, and nonbelievers be allowed to reside or spread within our country.
But you know, as I was flying on Air force One, I said to my people, because of the horrible tragedy -- I mean, I almost shouldn't say this, but people that have done this and do this for a living -- tough living -- people that went in as first responders, police officers, law enforcement, that have seen many crime scenes -- they said this is one of the worst that they've seen.
You don't hear that too much. You know they are starting to say very strongly, Merry Christmas. Remember when I first ran, I said, you're going to say Merry Christmas. They're all saying Merry Christmas again. We better move fast because that'll end also, like everything else. They want to change the name of a school in San Francisco from George Washington to something.
We're going to do we're going to be the smart country instead of the dummies that everyone laughs at. They laugh at us because we have people that don't know what they're doing. Like Sergeant Bergdahl, we get Bergdahl, a traitor. They get five killers that they've coveted. They're wanted for nine years and those five killers are back on the battlefield or soon will be. But these are the ones they wanted, these five.
Soon, the Chinese company obtains patents or nearly an identical product and Micron was banned from selling its own goods in China. But we are seeking justice. The United States lost 60,000 factories after China entered the WTO. This is happening to other countries all over the globe. The World Trade Organization needs drastic change.
No school choice. You can't get elected with all -- I could go on for 10 minutes. Your vote will decide whether we give up on America or whether we save America. It is the most important election you're ever going to have. [Audience responds "Yeah"] Really is. By the way, how nice is this place? Isn't it beautiful? Look, people, as far as you can see, they give you a little extra security nowadays, you notice? Hey, I got more machine guns than I've ever seen in -- look at these guys.
Is that my husband on the tree? Let me take a look. I can't tell. I can't tell. No, I don't want that one. I'm not going to do that one. They say they think they can fix it. The word think is not acceptable. "We think we can fix it." So, we'll forget about hydrogen, right? But we have a lot of alternatives.
It's happening now in Chicago. They're taking over sections of Chicago. What's happening in New York and Los Angeles and many other cities is not even describable. They're tough. They're tough, and they're smart, and they're vicious. Don't forget, they come from the prisons, and they're the bad criminals on the streets.
I mean it was amazing because they were hitting her so hard. It was so sad to watch this, but it's sad what they do to other judges. It's very sad what they do to the Supreme Court. And all of -- a lot of the judges that I had, if you look at them, they take tremendous abuse in The New York Times and The Washington Post, all of the different networks.
You know that. You know that. But David Friedman is not one of them. And he went to Israel and immediately made an impact. And then I said, "You know, I want to do what no President has done. Many, many Presidents said they were going to move the embassy to Jerusalem. And they never did it." And I understand why they never did it. They never did it because when they thought I was going to do it, and when they heard that I was going to make an announcement in two weeks, I started getting calls from everyone.
We get hammered every day and I say, darling, you're so lucky, I took you on this journey. But they do love Michelle Obama. [Audience booing] They love her. They love her. They love Michelle. Did you hear the new one? They came up to me, sir, I've bad news. What? President Obama is going to start campaigning for sleepy Joe. I said, is that good or bad news, because don't forget he campaigned for Hillary harder than Hillary did, right?
Very substantial. [Applause]
Keep it. Don't renegotiate it. Don't let them do that. I withdrew from the job killing Trans-Pacific partnership would have killed everything here, including your car business, and renegotiated Obama's terrible Korea deal. The worst deal you could imagine. Saving Michigan's auto industry from certain ruin and death.
And these are guys that study that. You know why? They're so close to it. Did you ever get so close to a deal or a job that you don't really see it? You don't see the big picture. And they also said it's not fair that we're carrying all these countries. I said that very strongly. We've got it. Now one of the things I do early on and I didn't say get rid of NATO.
I said, we're not going to count it on your numbers or a separate set. They didn't want to take people that were terminally ill because they didn't want the counting. It doesn't make their product look good. I said, "But look at it a different way. Think of it works. Then you're going to save all these people." And that's what happened.
How cool is that? And he's registering voters. He's an amazing guy. How cool was the rocket ship that landed the other day, right? I never saw it. I told the story. I don't know if you've heard this. Just turn off your ears for a second. I'm talking to a very important guy, and I have the -- the no sound on the -- muted.
And together, we created the most secure border in U.S. history and built nearly 500 miles of border wall. We actually built 561, as I understand it. It's a lot. How about sloppy Chris Christie, he says, "He only built 50 miles of border wall." Because if there's a board laying on the ground from 50 years ago that's rotted and we put up this gorgeous, big, brand-new thing, they say, "Oh, well, that's a renovation." And they had boards all over the place, you know, just rotting in the sand.
Look at all these people, oh, I can't stand them. But these people - oh, I can't stand them. But these people - oh, I can't stand them. But look, look, look, look, look, look, one of them called who's here today and one of them called who's here today and one of them called who's here today and said mr.
We have, under our feet, wealth like no other country in the world has. We have more than Saudi Arabia. We have more than Russia. We have more than any country in the world by far. It's called liquid gold. It's oil and gas, liquid gold. And you know, we were drilling. We were No. 4 when I got there. And when I left, we were substantially No. 1, and we were going to be doubled up what Russia was and what Saudi Arabia -- they were No. 1 and 2, and we took over No. 1 by a lot.
So we're breaking it by letting them go and buy and we have various states, but Florida is going to be one of them. You're going to go, you're going to buy them for much less. But ultimately, that'll stop because the greatest his favored nations. So you will have and you will be paying the lowest price.
They have a place where they literally live. They live in those trucks, those trucks are everything to them. But he said, "For 50 years, every single year, these trucks got better, more fuel efficient. Everything was better. It's a beautiful thing. If they make us go to electric, we will go back 50 years, we'll be starting all over.
Since China joined, that's another beauty, the World Trade Organization in 2001, the United States has lost many more than 60,000 factories. We sacrificed our own middle class to finance the growth of foreign countries. But those days, ladies and gentlemen of Kentucky, are over. Is that OK? [Applause]
For instance, the controversial mosque attended by the Boston bombers had at its founder and as its founder an immigrant from overseas charged in an assassination plot. This shooter and amazingly in Orlando was the child of an immigrant father who supported one of the most repressive regimes on earth. Why would we admit people who support violent hatred?
Right? By far. We're so far ahead of everybody else in terms -- No. 2 isn't even close. OK. But we're No. 28 in terms of results. So we -- we're No. 28 in the world. As a country, No. 28 in the world but we're No. 1 in spending. So in the campaign I'm reversed. I'm No. 1, by far, and I've spent at least.
Of course, I got her at 3:00 in the morning. There was something going on there. But she conceded. She probably regrets it, but I never conceded because I saw what was happening and I can't do it. I can't do it, because I have a commitment to you and I can't do that. Honestly, it would have been a lot easier for me if I did like every politician.
It's hard. The easiest way to get off is to never start. So like me, I never smoke. I never smoke. If you don't smoke. It's easy not to smoke. If you do smoke, I have friends they -- they smoke, they would they're always giving up cigarettes. They always giving it up. For 25 years that guy's been giving up cigarettes.
He said, Every election I win is very close." That's not a good thing And then I said let me check. And I called up some friends and I -- you know, when they first picked him, I said, Oh by And -- and what happened is -- so during -- during this period of time, I'm saying -- call up a friend, a friend calls me, three of four people call me. I have a lot of property in Virginia. You know, in Charlottesville, we have the property on the Potomac River -- Potomac Falls, Sterling, Loudon County.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Great crowd. This is beautiful. I want to thank Michael, and congratulations on your reelection as party chairman. That's a big deal. That was a big deal. It's great to be back in North Carolina. Very special place. Very, very special place. We've had tremendous success here.
And by the way, we had to go. Had no choice, had to go with the health care first. You know how it works. This is one room that really does know how it works. But we had to go with the health care first, and we are doing well. I think we're going to have some great surprises. I hope that is going to work out.
And, you know, when you have a situation like that, and you know it's bad, and you think you have 100 million people watching, what do you do, stop the show? Please fix it. It was bad. I wonder why it was bad. Think of that. I wonder why it was bad. It was so bad.
She even smeared all of America's police officers as essentially racist. You heard that recently, essentially racist.
You got to pay." It's true. Not going to be that way any longer. Last month alone, nearly 600,000 people joined our workforce. For the first time ever, most new hires are minorities and women. Nobody knows that because the media doesn't get that across. More than 7 million Americans have been lifted off of food stamps.
It's really incredible. And, you know, the people that do the trafficking, what they do with the women is they put them in trunks of cars. It's mostly women, by the way, mostly women. A lot of people say traveling and trafficking, but the trafficking is women. And the reason is it's become as big as the drugs, and the reason is because of the internet.
We will also have a very strong border that stops people and drugs from illegally pouring into our country -- and we're going to build a border wall, and Mexico will pay for it.
I got a call the other day from the people in Congress because we're doing our bill. I didn't even tell you this, Mike. And they called -- they said something -- there's something wrong with the numbers, sir. I said what's wrong? I don't know. They're not balancing out. There's something really wrong. I said is that a good thing or a bad thing?
It's great. Again, I said, "If you don't do this we're going to tariff every product coming out of your country at 25 percent." And every time I had a problem I would just take -- you know, especially cars. I had a little plastic car on my desk and I'd have the leaders come over and I just take the car out, put it on the front of the desk, they say, "Okay, we agree." Because the big thing is the cars.
But standing before you today, I can proudly report that this heinous betrayal is over and that we have achieved the most secure border in American history by far in American history. For two months in a row, we have now set all-time records, and this is by the media, the fake news media, which most of it is fake.
Do you know that? But not much, 1%. I'm not proud of that 1%, but at least, it's something. But the big deal is, other countries are paying a tiny fraction of what we pay for the same exact drug, the same pill, $0.10 versus $2.5, and we pay by far more than anybody and it's us because they view us as suckers.
I actually asked him, "Well, how does that compare to the wires that have to go all the way down and ground and on poles and everything else?" He said, "Actually, it's much better." So I said, "You know, got to rethink that whole situation." But Elon has been great in that way. You know where he is right now? He's campaigning for me in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Can you imagine? No, no, can you imagine? We're gonna build the wall. Don't even worry about it. We'll talk about the wall. Don't even -- and I'll tell you, we're gonna build the wall, we're gonna stop drugs from pouring in and poisoning our youth and other people. We are building the wall. But I got this guy, Cruz, lying Ted.
So look, look. We've got to make America great again. We've got to -- we've got to make America great again. It's very simple. Look he's got a sign. "Show him your hands, Mr. Trump." My hands, look at these hands. These hands hit a golf ball 285 yards. Look at these hands. These politicians, such liars, liars.
These are just a few of the tens of thousands of violent acts being perpetrated by these criminals pouring into our country. We have no idea who they are. We have no idea where they come from. No tests, no nothing, no masks, no mask. The only ones that don't have to wear masks are if you come across the Southern border.
You were in big trouble, Republicans. And look what's happening now. For the next 16 months, we must pour every ounce of our energy into winning a historic victory in the midterms. We will never give up our search for truth and justice for what happened in the corrupt presidential election of 2020, because without that truth, we cannot have an honest election in 2022 or 2024, no matter what they want to tell you.
What a couple. Great couple. She's so great. Well, would you -- can you imagine if she actually going to put such something bad. That would be so exciting, I say, " What the hell just happened?" Well, So let's hear one more question, come on. Who has a good one. Whose got a good question. Who's got a really good question.
Without them, they wouldn't be getting 5 percent of the vote. I'll tell you. It's true. It's fake news. Fake news. And you know, I have to say this, when I won the election, we won. I didn't win. We won. The whole thing, we won. The New York Times, like, they apologized to their subscribers because they covered the election so badly, because their subscribers say, how could this happen?
From Phoenix to Flagstaff, from Mesa to Yuma, from Tombstone, what a great name, to right here in Tucson, we stand on the shoulders of red blooded American patriots, who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul, for our liberty, and for our freedom. This great, great, great state, I love this state. I love this state.
They spent their money. [Audience boos] They didn't have any money left for North Carolina. That's not the way it's supposed to work. Or other places, by the way, plenty of other places. The polls are open for early voting in North Carolina every day from now to November 2nd. So, get out there and vote.
Since taking office, I have made clear that our allies and partners must contribute much more money to our collective defense, and they have done so. In this struggle, the heaviest burden will continue to be borne by the good people of Afghanistan and their courageous armed forces.
He's -- he's trying to get a certain bill through that's going to give you the largest tax cuts in history and we got to get it done. So thank you to Dave. He's been great. Perhaps most importantly, let me thank the tough, hardworking members of the United States Steelworkers Local 2227 and the United States Steelworkers Local 1219 and the United States Steelworkers Local 1557. You people are amazing.
Because your state, New Hampshire has the highest energy cost in the entire country. Do you know that? And I am going to bring your energy cost down by 50% within one year. It'll be easy to do. It'll be easy do, and it's been that way for a long time. Never made sense. But that's another governor thing. This governor, you got to get him out of there.
I didn't know that. And we have a president that doesn't want to even use the term radical Islamic terror. He doesn't want to talk about it. And nobody can say really why. I mean, I understand there's some reasoning behind it, but there's no real smart reasoning behind it. It's a problem. And they know it's a problem.
It's a beautiful lobby, beautiful. I said, "What happened to that tenant?" "Sir, they couldn't survive." Now, we're talking about Wall Street, right opposite the New York Stock Exchange. You don't get a better location. A drug chain, big one. You know the name. I won't give it, but you know the name. They're all sort of like big, and I said, "What happened?" They said, "Sir, people walk into the store.
When we rapidly expanded telehealth for Medicare beneficiaries during the pandemic, the number of telehealth users increased from 14,000 a week to 1.7 million a week. What's that percentage? [Applause]
I really mean it and I'm not knocking you. But when people look at me and then they look at this guy Cruz, who's totally controlled by the people that give him the money. 100% totally controlled. But when they give him that money or when they give -- how about Kasich. Kasich is 1 for 32, OK? You know, what he is? He's a guy just doesn't stop, which I respect in one way because I always say, never quit, never give up. But you know, if you go by that theory -- and by the way, the people from back there are pouring in as we speak.
They don't stop. They keep coming at you. They're the worst. But we're going to do something. We're going to have the biggest victory. They're going to celebrate because I think silently, they do celebrate. I think silently, they do. I think silently, they're for us. They're afraid to say it, right? They're afraid to say it. But I think silently, a lot of those people back there in the press, and that's a lot of people, but I think they're for us. For nearly four years, Joe Biden's mental incompetence has given Harris a free reign to impose her ultra-liberal agenda on America and others with her and destroy our country.
Their oil is unbelievable in Iraq, underground, one of the biggest in the world. So they totally take over and they're going to very soon, so we spend all this money, all these lives, all these wounded warriors, we get nothing. We got nothing because we have stupid leadership.
We're fighting to unlock the potential of every American community and every American family who hopes and prays and yearns for a much better future. We're going to bring back our jobs, folks. We're going to bring back our jobs. [Applause]
[Audience shouts "Boo"] So I built this great -- some of the great assets, low debt, great cash flow, and I say it for a different reason because that's the kind of thinking we need in our country now or we're not going to have a country left. We're not going to have -- literally, we're not going to have a country left.
Today, the groundbreaking partnership between NASA and SpaceX has given our nation the gift of an unmatched power: a state-of-the art spaceship to put our astronauts into orbit at a fraction of the cost of the Space Shuttle. And it's much better.
We can do it. We can do it. Not going to help.
We said, You got to open up. Sorry. U.S. beef has been shipped to Brazil for the first time since 2003. They're going to have a great new leader. They say he's the Donald Trump of South America. Do you believe that? [Applause] And he's happy with that. If he wasn't, I wouldn't like the country so much.
Impeachment hoax number one, impeachment hoax number two, the un-select committee on January 6th. It's an un-select committee. I love that term. I made it. They call it the select. I said, "Oh, I love the term un-select." They are. That's Liz Chaney and her band of terrible people. How about Adam crying Kinzinger?
And as you know very well, because you look at your wallet, Republicans passed a massive tax cut for working families, and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class. We've ended the war on beautiful, clean coal and we're putting our coal miners back to work. That you know better than anybody.
We have also made history by finalizing an agreement to replace the horrible NAFTA with a brand new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, called the USMCA. A whole different world. A whole different world. [Applause] NAFTA was one of the worst trade deals ever made by a country. It killed our country. This landmark trade deal will increase exports of wheat from Montana, dairy from Wisconsin, chicken from Georgia, and products from farmers and ranchers all across our country.
It was called the Great Tariff Debate. Mark Levin will look this up. [Laughter] And the problem is, with Mark, if I make a little mistake, he'll let us know on Sunday night. [Laughter] I got to be very careful when I talk about this. But it was the Great Tariff Debate of 1888. And the debate was: We didn't know what to do with all of the money we were making.
The place was packed. And these are great people. We flew down to Delaware two days ago. Unbelievable people. We went to Maryland a couple of times. Packed, packed, packed. I've been all over Pennsylvania, right? All over. I've been all over. It's been unbelievable. I'll tell you, it's been unbelievable.
Remember that. Remember. He put Beto in charge of his gun policy, right? Beto, Crazy Beto. Remember when Beto went out? He said, "I was born for this." and that's what it all came down. As soon as I heard that, anybody said they were born for this? It doesn't play well, but he's in charge of the Second Amendment and you won't have a Second Amendment.
Thank you. I just -- that just came out. That came out in a poll -- Moody's. And it just came out in a poll. And you can never take this -- they said I'll win the election, practically, no matter what. They had three different forms of win. And they've been right in every year except for one. You know what the one was?
And we did so well here. I said, "Michael, how would you like to run the whole damn thing?" Right? And then I said, "What other star do I get?" And I said, "Maybe my biggest star of all, Lara from your backyard, Lara. I got Lara from your backyard." She's great. She's great. Good couple, too, right? That's a good team.
Bruce is here. And a friend of mine, a great guy, U.S. Senator Bob Smith. Bob, thank you very much and your beautiful wife. Windham Police Chief Mike Caron. Thank you, Mike. Thank you very much, Mike. Representative Tim Cahill and some of our fantastic supporters, Chris Stevens, David [Inaudible], and Dave [Inaudible]. Where is Dave [Inaudible]? Somebody that's been with me from the beginning.
But to chart our path forward, we must first briefly look back.
There was no social distancing, Thom Tillis, they went down and they had like $250,000 outfits, they had more crap in their helmet, with night goggles, and these guys were sort of, you know, wise guys, right? Shouting at them, screaming at them. They were screaming at the wrong people. They went down, they never had to stop.
But you know what? We're here and they're not. Right? The Democrats and the media, they're partners, they're partners, OK? You ever see in the -- the word manufacture, it's never been used before for this. We're talking about the southern border and they're talking about in a manufactured crisis. They said it was not a crisis that it was manufactured.
Mexico is not happy. [Laughter] But as I told them, you made a lot of money for a lot of years and everybody left you alone. We got to change this deal. And hopefully we can renegotiate it. But if we can't, we'll terminate it and we'll start all over again with a real deal. [Applause]
They can't do a thing about it. And now, you're going to go out there later today [Audience responds affirmatively] and you're going to show us something and vote for me. And I will deliver rising wages, soaring incomes, and a colossal surge of jobs. You're going to -- we're going to use things. What's the most beautiful word in the dictionary? We're going to create wealth opportunity for Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed.
Thank you, Laura. Great job. So earlier this year, at Binghamton University, a few conservative students were promoting an event featuring the renowned economist at Art Laf- -- does an- -- where -- is Art Laffer here? Art Laffer. Where is Art? You know, we gave him the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Everybody loves Art Laffer.
Venezuela's taken them back. Colombia's taking them back. Remember, Colombia said we will not take them back, he said. And within about 13 minutes, I think, we would love to take them back. In fact, we will send our planes to pick them up. Remember? And they said, what happened, what happened? And you see these Venezuelan planes loaded up with some real nice people.
I didn't need this. You know, when I did this, somebody said the other day, "Are you glad you did it?" Because I had a hell of a life. I had the most beautiful life. I don't think -- I could do whatever I want, the best properties, the best resorts. I could have had the greatest time. Instead, I'm here on a Saturday afternoon with you, working my ass off up here.
Now, they're only lying having to do with my -- and I don't know if I'm supposed to be insulted by that or not but we'll take it. But we can have a very big win and look, no President has done for Michigan what President Trump has done for Michigan and you're going to remember that and I'm going to remember Michigan.
Right, Scott? If we got it all done. It was a little risky, but because if we didn't get it done, I don't know, who knows what would've happened with these radical left lunatics that we have to deal with. But, uh, we got it all done and now we're, we're set, and you're set. The investment in this country is set.
We're going to get the autoworkers jobs back like it was 30 years ago and 40 years ago before everybody left. We're going to get it back at levels that you've never seen. Brian, say hello, please. Thank you.
So they're saying you can't be doing what they're doing to me now because we're in the midst of an election. We just had three beauties and actually four, including the islands. We won them all in landslides. You're not allowed to do what they're doing. You've got South Carolina coming up, Michigan coming up, and then Super Tuesday coming up in two weeks.
Thank you. Thank you, Iowa. God bless you. God bless you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Great.
And th -- th -- they're talking about this on like, a program. I say, isn't that terrible when they're allowed to say that? Where they're allowed to say you have to win by six points because they cheat? So we can't do that but we're going to get everybody out to vote. There's more spirit now than there was in 2016 or 2020 and we got a lot of votes.
But I have respect that the FBI has given it a second chance. And this time, I have no doubt that in that 650,000 e-mails -- did you see where they said, oh, we're not worried. They're duplicates. How can there be duplicates if there are hundreds of thousands more than you started off with?
So we're going to get rid of it. OK. Illegal immigration. Who loves the idea of the wall? Right? [Audience chants "Build that wall."] 100%. 100%. We're going to build that wall. It's going to be so beautiful. You know, it's going to be beautiful. It will be. It'll be as good looking as a wall can look. I'm very good at this stuff.
You've seen what's happened at the FBI. They're all gone. They're all gone. They're all gone. But there's a lingering stench and we're going to get rid of that too. Claire McCaskill -- when I read about this sitting a beautiful, beautiful house called the White House. Did anybody ever hear of the White House?
And they took out hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people, thousands of people, that were rigging the election, and they'd go, one man went to 28 different boxes putting six or seven in each box. You can't put a thousand in, doesn't work that way. Going to different places. And they got them. They got them.
He said Starlink is better. So, we thank Elon because he helped a lot of people, probably saved a lot of lives. And we thank him for the endorsement, right? We thank him for the endorsement. And I also want to tell you, he made that black hat so -- we're selling. So, what happened, I didn't even know we had it.
So they said he'll never ever in a million years signed his papers and then they say oh he'll never put in his financials so I have these counts are paying a lot of money. I have these counties all over the place because I think it's 98 pages of sums. Largest one of a found the largest numbers ever filed and I put that in. They don't know what to say.
Thank you very much.
Three states they did. Oh, I don't believe this, I don't believe it. Even the New York Times has us way up in the Midwest. Can you believe that? Oh, that was painful for them to say. We're nine up in the Midwest. That's very good. And the Atlanta Journal-Constitution has us three up in Georgia. That's good, that's good.
You know, they're the best wrestlers in the country, all the top champions. And many of them were the individual champions. And I said to the audience, "These may be the only people in this room that could take the illegal migrants in a fight. Outside of this little group of 10 people that I have up here, we're in trouble."
We don't win. And now they want to take your Second Amendment away. That's not gonna happen. But we don't win anymore. And I say this and I have fun saying it and I love saying it and we can't do it any better. We are going to start winning again, big league. We are gonna win with our military. We're gonna knock the hell out of ISIS.
We all, sort of, know him. He did he did really well. I think he came in second and, you know, he had a wonderful political career. We came in first in almost every state. Think of it as a group. First and we won. And then we won the election against beautiful Hillary, beautiful Hillary, beautiful woman.
Very simple. They have no problem. And that's what we have to get to. We can't have these elections that go for 48 days. And they store the votes in a room. And where is the guard? Well, he took off today. Why? How come all these votes are being moved around? Think of it. Think of what they're doing. Forty-eight-day elections.
We have the finest rockets, the finest missiles, the finest jets, F35s. We have the finest tanks and submarines and ships. All made in the USA. And our nuclear stockpile. We are in a position like no other country in the world. We're the envy of every country. Russia, China, North Korea, no country in the world has what we have.
Somebody a long time ago said this is why we want you to be first in the nation. And maybe you're a little bit different than other places but you said something. There was something in their minds when they did it a long time ago. You know, when I think of your state, I think of two things. I think of farmers and nobody took better care of the farmers than Trump.
Isn't that nice? A bunch of guys got together in prison. It's named Tren de Aragua, and it's taking over all sorts of real estate and apartment complexes and unleashing a violent terrorist spree all over America, including Times Square in New York. Take a look. [Audience member calls out "Three Supreme Court justices, thank you."]
Did you ever hear of Al Capone? The guy's -- you think this has been fun? But, you know, we had four of the greatest years. We have -- we had the greatest economy in the history of our country. Think of this, we had the strongest border. Oh, let's bring my favorite chart of all time. Can you do it? Do it.
Thank you. That's cute actually. So, get everyone you know. Vote, vote, vote, get everyone you know. There's a woman named Jane, I saw her backstage, she's got a husband who's not in good shape at all. And I asked her, "Are you going to vote?" "Yes, sir." And I asked the husband, "Are you going to vote?" "Well, I don't know. We have a game, a game."
But anyway but -- no, the Mexican officials, who are very smart, don't forget they're making a fortune with us. Trade deficit with Mexico $58 billion a year. These politicians come up to me. They used to say, "You can't really build a wall can you?" And I say, "China, 13,000 miles, the great China wall, the wall of China right?" Thirteen thousand miles long, it was built 2000 years ago.
She's done it right from the literally right from the beginning. In fact, what we needed somebody over at the RNC, I said get that woman that ran Michigan. We need to elect more Republicans, so we can protect our cities, defend our borders, grow our economy and continue to make America great again and that's what we're doing we're doing we're doing some job we're all doing it together, but you see what's happening with regulations with Massive tax cuts with the judges we're pointing we're. Appointing judges like I guess never before has anything happened like what we're doing on great conservative Republican judges we're setting records and by the time we finish, I think we will have the all-time record.
Beyond the shocking death toll, the terrible measure of the opioid crisis includes the families ripped apart and, for many communities, a generation of lost potential and opportunity.
It's all brand new wall. It just shows you how dishonest this fake news is. And this is what we have to deal with. This is really what we have to deal with. But get used to it. Many of you are going to be in politics. Just get used to it, okay? Get used to it. Together -- is this true? -- we believe in the American Constitution and we believe judges should interpret our Constitution as written.
Guess what? They're way behind, they're way behind, because over the last three years -- you see the stock market set 131 records from the day. Think of that, and that means jobs. That means 401(k)s I have so many people that come up to me, "Thank you, sir. My wife was so in love with me, because I went up 79% in the 401(k). She thinks I'm a genius.
Do you remember what happened? That wasn't even a close election was it? That wasn't too close. But it's great to be with thousands of proud, hardworking, freedom-loving American patriots. That's what you are. And soon, the people of Louisiana will head to the polls. You know I'm really here for a little different reason.
They say, "15 yard penalty and you're out of the game, and you're out for the season." You know the old days, right? It was a little different, but it's still tough. But this is much tougher. And people see it. But you have to see the ratings. It's -- That's why the ratings are bad for a lot of the sports.
They want to look into election fraud, comes back, "Sir, I said it was for you." This was a few years later, after I won him the election. Don't forget, I endorsed him. And you had a very good man, Casey Cagle, your lieutenant governor. He was going to win easily. And David Perdue. Where's David? I love David.
We've given it a new name. It's a three-name, it's a three-name deal. Even semiconductor manufacturing is rapidly returning to the United States. NVIDIA and TSMC have just produced the first state-of-the-art Blackwell chip that was 100% made in the USA. In fact, Jensen was an incredible guy. He might be here, I don't even know.
[Booing] They don't tell you that. They're there for one reason. They want to protect certain people like Hillary. It's getting hard to protect her, fellows. It's getting very -- getting very, very hard to protect her -- getting very hard to protect her. She's out of control. A Trump administration will work with local and federal law enforcements to end this growing crime wave, we have a crime wave. Every child in America has the right to grow up in safety and in peace.
And he would have been in that building and every single person died in your firm, every single -- he lost everybody. And with the exception of a few people in Europe and maybe a couple of other places, small because they were all very New York centric, and every single one of them died, including your brother.
These are usually the toughest questions.
Yet another Haitian migrant who she imported was arrested for molesting a 10-year-old child who lived right next door. The child next door was badly, badly hurt. In New York this year, an illegal brought in through Kamala's migrant phone app was charged with savagely murdering his two roommates. He had two roommates, set up by the people that set that up in this country.
I said I think U.K.'s going for independence because they don't want to have people pouring into their country that they don't know where they are, who they are. They have enough. They have enough. And they've had enough.
Do you see the picture in the paper? Where they put a ramp on each side and they drive drugs right over, back and forth this truck, it's having a field day. It's just terrible. So they all said what happened? And they said -- and then I made another statement and I love Mexico, and I love the Mexican people.
It was so bad that their top person criticized it, and they went after him. They said don't ever say that again, but it's a little late. He said it was one of the worst jobs, and we actually had a Gallup poll where we got very high marks for the job we did. They had a poll where it was so low, it wasn't recordable.
But I really believe they hate our country because nobody can allow this to happen. So I said, we want the 28,000. He said, well, you're going to charge us that. Yes. And then it's going to go up a lot in a very short period of time, but you're going to be paying us billions and billions and billions of dollars.
He's really beautiful, he's so great. OK, what else am I going to say, right? Then? I talk -- let's talk one or two, how's Tiger doing? How's this one, how's that one? That's another five minutes, right? What am I going to do with the other 35 minutes? Maybe, I'm going to talk about Supreme Court appointments, etc.
The most basic duty of will be restored. The most basic duty of will be restored. The most basic duty of government is to defend the lives of its government is to defend the lives of its government, is to defend the lives of its own citizens. Any government that fails own citizens, any government that fails own citizens, any government that fails to do so is a government unworthy to to do so is a government unworthy to to do so is a government unworthy to lead.
I put them on the spot. Now, they have to do it. No, it's very popular. One of the biggest applause I get wherever I go is when I talk about the Space Force. And, by the way, China, already started. Russia, already started. They've got to start, but we have the greatest people in the world. We make the greatest equipment in the world.
The horror is beyond description.
They want to release drug dealers and MS-13 gang members. Remember when Nancy Pelosi got angry at me because she thought I didn't speak well of MS-13 gang members? They cut them up. They go straight into your neighborhoods. We believe that any politician that puts criminal aliens before American citizens needs to be voted out of office very quickly or certainly not voted into office.
What she's done and he's done -- Crooked Joe and Kamala, what a combination. Worst combination in the history of our country. And they've weaponized your government. They're a disgrace to our country. Four years ago, we had the strongest, safest, and most secure border in US history with the lowest level of illegal immigration ever achieved.
It's a -- it's incredible now she's sort of stopped it by doing just a little bit because she was getting killed in the polls. And if they ever won, they would open those borders, and you would have millions and millions more people come in, and there'd be criminals. If I ran one of the countries that we're talking about -- and last -- over the last few months, it was 181 different countries.
And when I watched Scott Walker endorse yesterday -- Although a lot of people didn't hear too much about his endorsement because of my manager. And I looked at the tapes I say, I don't know. Am I wrong? I looked at -- raise your hand. Did anything look very, I mean, strident? Did anything look -- did everybody see that tape?
He wished he didn't do it. No, no, I'm very glad I did it. And more importantly, what's coming up is going to be greater than ever before, I promise you that. But never forget, our enemies want to stop us because we are the only ones. And that's all of you and me. We're all working together. Who can stop them?
I called for a ban after San Bernardino, and was met with great scorn and anger but now, many are saying I was right to do so -- and although the pause is temporary, we must find out what is going on. The ban will be lifted when we as a nation are in a position to properly and perfectly screen those people coming into our country.
One goes 2,000 miles and the other one goes 300 miles and you don't have any capacity because half of it's got to be for battery. The batteries are massive. Crooked Joe puts China first. He puts Asia first, Ukraine first, illegal aliens first, environmental maniacs first. He puts everyone first, but he puts America last.
Where is Frank? Frank, thank you very much, Frank. Great job. Thank you very much. Terry, thank you. I saw a tear coming out of her eye before. That means he likes us, right? That means she likes us. Thank you, darling. We appreciate it very much. And our top two phone callers -- that's a big deal. They're more important than everybody, frankly.
But again, I have to tell you, this vote was so big. I have to thank many of the Democrats. I mean, that was amazing. No no. I really do, I respect it. I really do. That was a -- that was a slaughter, but many of those people that voted for us this afternoon is somewhat of a sneak attack, a real sneak attack.
You must get out and vote. You must bring all of your friends. You must bring everybody. Get out and vote and be vigilant, watch what's happening, watch what's happening, because we're going to win North Carolina, we're going to win a lot of different places. Watch what happens. [Applause]
Now I know everybody. I know the smart ones. I know the dumb ones. I know the killers. I know the weak ones. I know them all. And you're going to see. But everyone was better off. We had the greatest economy in history. Everybody was better off under a man named President Donald J. Trump. Have you ever heard of him?
I just heard him. He made a wonderful speech. Ted Cruz, Senator, where are you? Thank you very much. Ted, thank you very much. Great job. Governor Kristi Noem is here. Kristi. Thank you, Kristi. Doing a fantastic job in North Carolina. There's a hot politician. He's a hot politician, Lt. Governor Mark Robinson.
And just remember, if a Republican did it, it would be perhaps the death penalty, right? It's a disgrace. But that's why it turned out to be so big. You know, we hit a nerve. Let's put it that way. We seriously hit a nerve. I kept saying, I can't believe this is such -- I was getting calls, "Sir, this thing is blowing up. The machines were on fire." Hillary Clinton's former campaign manager, a real beauty.
We're going to take it back. Together, we will fight for more jobs. We're going to fight for more jobs for American families, fair trade for American workers, and more American factories forging more products stamped with Uncle Sam. The beautiful phrase Made in the USA, Uncle Sam. We will shut down Biden's border disaster, reinstitute our strong Remain in Mexico policy, which was very difficult to get.
And I'm going to cut your energy prices in half, 50 percent. We're going to cut them in half in 12 months. We're going to cut your energy prices down. You know why? We have the liquid gold. We can do it. We buy our oil now from Venezuela. Can you believe it? Venezuela. It's not oil, it's tar. And the only refinery that can do it is in Houston, Texas.
China -- I don't object -- look, President Xi was and I would say is a very good friend. We broke up a little bit. You know the way friendships break up? A thing called the China virus broke us up. I think that's understandable, right? Cost the world about $50 trillion and tens of millions of lives all over the world.
But I like acid-washing, because that really says it. She acid-washes 33,000, so that nobody can ever find -- but they're around someplace. I think that maybe -- maybe they're at the State Department. The State Department -- we have a great man now at the State Department, Mike Pompeo. But maybe they're at the State Department.
said you sure they want to say yeah and I brought the people in my office top
Don't forget, he was a congressman and he was voting against it and fighting for years to kill every single job supported by this very important industry. Ending the Renewable Fuel Standard was one of his top priorities. As a member of Congress, he wanted to end it. And if he had his way, the entire economy of Iowa would absolutely collapse because it would collapse if you did that.
Paul brought on the staff and we really do, we have a great staff of talented people, a great staff. And there most of them are right here. And John and everybody. My man right here and Michael. You don't have to be -- Michael, come on up Michael. Get up here, Michael. Come on get a little TV time. Look at him.
His family is fantastic. And I said -- so in conclusion, with your vote tomorrow, we're going to fire Kamala. We're going to save America, and we're going to cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to North Carolina.
We're up four or five points in Ohio and amazing people. You look at what's going on with our manufacturing being sucked out of our country. We're not going to be having that happen long, folks. It's not going to happen long. Believe me. We're up in North Carolina. We're up in many, many polls nationwide.
We'll get it done quick. We'll get it done very quickly. We want to have a rock-solid majority in the Senate. We want to take over the House. We have incredible people here with us today, some great leaders, and leaders that have been warriors for me. That's why we want to follow up our historic victory this week.
You're gonna do -- I'll tell you what, the farmers here are gonna do incredibly. Plus we have tariffs on a lot of this stuff that was coming in and absolutely killing you, where they have different -- different forms of vegetation coming in at prices that were very, very bad for you. And a lot of it comes in because they wanna put you outta business and then they wanna raise the prices.
Then we did it again, and we did it even more beautifully. And that's what happens. We have more people than they do, but they know politics and they know cheating. And the Republicans -- I sometimes say, "Well, will the Republicans ever do what they did?" "Sir, that wouldn't be good. We're proud Americans, you know." They won't do it. They won't do it. Because I say, if it's good for them, why aren't the Republicans doing the same kind of thing with the ballots?
... this is a great moment, and I'm the messenger, I'm a messenger. It's a movement for all of us. I'm a messenger, and it's a message of common sense, and it's a message of so many different things. But it's going to be unbelievable. It's going to be unbelievable.
I always take a little heat from my people, the people that love me and the people that I love. They happen to be toward the right of center, toward the right. Sometimes they're way right. But if you have to bring people to get those plants opened, we want you to do that, and we want those people to teach our people how to make computer chips and how to make other things.
So sad. So sad. And you look at General Petraeus. General Petraeus was -- was severely sanctioned. General Petraeus, his life was essentially destroyed for doing a tiny fraction of what Hillary Clinton did. A tiny fraction. [Audience member shouts "Treason"] Look at General Cartwright. Look at General Petraeus.
I had to go through so many problems with these senators. There's a guy named Toomey in Pennsylvania. He was a disaster. Sir, why do you charge tariffs to China? Well, they're charging us 100%, Pat. Do you think I should charge them 50%? No, sir. It's not free trade. What about 25%, Pat? No, sir. It's not free trade.
Oh, thank you very much. Wow. Thank you. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]
By the way, a friend of mine is in the audience, one of the greatest businessmen in the world, Mr. Steve Hilbert. Stand up, Steve. From Indianapolis, by the way. From Indiana. A Hoosier. Great. Now one of the great, great businessmen in the world. Thank you, Steve, for being here. I appreciate it.
I will give you the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs. The lowest regulatory burden and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet, but only if you make your product here in America. It all goes away if you don't make your product here and hire American workers for the job. If you don't make your product here, then you will have to pay a tariff, a very substantial tariff when you send your product into the United States.
And, he -- and, his, uh -- his kin, you know, his kin, the great Sonny Perdue, our Department of Agriculture, Secretary of Agriculture, was fantastic also, but we worked very hard. And, we got the farmers and the businesses the money that they had to have. And, now, they're thriving. David has also been one of the most courageous advocates fighting for an immigration system that defends American workers, American wages, American families, and American jobs.
Not surprisingly, wages for our workers haven't budged. In almost 20 years. You wonder why we get the crowds, you wonder why we get this tremendous support, you wonder why I've gotten more votes than any Republican in any primary in the history of the Republican Party? Take a look at that. Take a look at your security, take a look at the wages. For 18 years they've been stagnant, they've even gone down.
We're going to get your energy prices way better. You know, he's gone back to my energy for the drilling, but the day after the election -- but he's -- they're drilling now because prices were going so crazy. The day after the election, it all stops because he wants everybody to have electric cars which -- the whole thing is ridiculous.
What is the worst defense? [Audience member calls out "prevent"]
But hopefully at some point, Bernie Sanders will do the right thing. And some of his people have told me, how can he continue to support her when she cheated -- when she cheated -- on the debates. Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. And if she were elected, it would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis. You know what's going to happen.
I said I think that irredeemable is going to get her, no, deplorable got her. A lot of things got her like lack of ability. Together, we are going to win back the House, we are going to hold the Senate, and we are going to keep that beautiful, gorgeous, incredible White House. People don't realize there's a lot of work.
You know, the embassy was supposed to cost $1.1 billion, you know that, right? And every president for many presidents said we're going to approve it, we're going to approve it, they never did. Because once they got to office, they found not so easy. First of all, every country in the world called, please don't do it, don't do it, don't do it. So I just turned off the phone.
Now, the people have to -- the problem is that Biden is giving it all up. He's giving everything up. Our medical stay, he gave up. Even the judge said, you don't want to give that up. Our country is going to be overrun. So, they gave it up. But all of that was just the beginning. Here's some of the agenda that I will immediately implement when we become the -- when we. That's you and me. We're all going to become the president of the United States, 47th president of the United States.
Here, I'm putting up a lot of money folks. I got a lot of money in this. Boy, I'll tell you what. But I'm not gonna be controlled by lobbyists. I'm not gonna be controlled by special interest. [Applause] So here's the story. She is totally controlled by the hedge fund people, who I know very well. These are -- they're fine.
Why are they all young and strong? Mostly men. And you look at -- other countries are well represented also, including countries that right now are fighting in the Middle East. They're coming in by the thousands and thousands. We have no idea actually where they come from. We think they come from different parts.
Bill Trump, Corey Lewandowski is with me. Bill Trump, Corey Lewandowski is with me. Bill Kristol, the editor of The Weekly Kristol. The editor of The Weekly Kristol, the editor of The Weekly Standard Hillary Clinton supporter Standard Hillary Clinton supporter Standard Hillary Clinton supporter Bakari sellers.
But you know, he heard the Mexico side. We have to have a border and we have to stop illegal immigration. We have to stop all of the crime. We have 179,000 people that are criminals, right now. Illegal immigrants who are criminals, convicted criminals all over our country. What kind of a country is that?
I mean, we'll see what happens. But this guy is a disaster. On top of which, he's a choker because when Chris Christie, who endorsed me by the way, when he went after him -- it's true. I thought, I thought he was going to melt. I was all set to grab him, by the way, with his very powerful hand. I was very -- he made it up. He made that up. You know, I call him a lightweight.
What's happening -- including eagles. You know, in California, they put you in jail if you shoot a bold eagle, right? You go to jail, right? These windmills are knocking him out of the sky all day long. It's unbelievable, and yet they want wind. And wind also, is very -- it's very hard to store the electricity from wind.
What a crowd, what a crowd. Thank you, all, very much.
We're reclaiming our nation's proud manufacturing heritage and putting tariffs on foreign producers who cheat our workers and cheat our companies. Not fair. Not fair. [Audience Boos]
I mean, they had a good future, if you look, 20 years ago, they thought they had a good future and it was ripped away from them, torn away from them with nonsense and we're not going to let that happen. This is going to be a glorious future for them. And I want to thank everybody for being here and I want to thank you and you and you and that whole group and our senators, by the way, and our great Congressmen and women for being here in such a large number, because you've been helping us make these decisions.
But now, they use -- they got smart. It's climate change because climate change, if it goes warm, it's good, if it goes cool, it doesn't matter what. If it rains, if it snows, if you have more tornadoes or less tornadoes. You know that I read about some bad tornadoes, we do have bad tornadoes. But the worst tornado was in 1987. The worst tornado was in the 1800s. They say 1857 ripped the hell out of the country.
We're giving away money at levels that nobody has ever seen before. No other country would do it. No other country would be so stupid to do it. That's why it's so important to vote for Trump to stop the reckless spending and the destruction of our country. We will not have a country left. I will stop the special interest giveaways, cut waste, and restore common sense to our government.
Consumer confidence, business confidence, and manufacturing confidence are the highest they have been in many decades. Since my election, we've created 2.4 million jobs, and that number is going up very, very substantially. Small-business optimism is at an all-time high. New unemployment claims are near the lowest we've seen in almost half a century.
She was the original, the original of the bad prosecutors. She blew them all away. There are a lot of people that say she destroyed San Francisco. She will destroy our country. She will destroy. And moderate, you know what, we can maybe live with moderate, but we have to bring our country back. We've gone down a long way.
There's never been anything like it. I tell all my people that are working for me, maybe they'll come with us because they did a good job. But the ones that won't, they want to stay in the campaign business. I say it's going to be very tough. And four years from now, you'll have a candidate and you'll have an event and they'll draw 250 people.
We made it possible. So Iran's wanted it for years. So not only did Iran go and make one of the great deals ever with us but then they made a much better deal because we decimated Iraq and Iran is now taking it over, OK? And let me tell you, they're taking over Yemen. When you look at the border between Yemen and Saudi Arabia, they don't want Yemen, they want Saudi Arabia.
You know, the ballots. They use COVID as another method of cheating. But why aren't the Republicans -- "Sir, we're proud American citizens. We'd never vote 10 times," you know, etc., etc. But January 6th has become the Democrat Party's excuse to justify an unprecedented assault on American civil rights and liberties, appalling persecution of political prisoners, what's happening to those people in those jails.
Guess, that's the bad one a little [Inaudible]. I hated seeing that, I mean, I thought it was sort of amazing. Now, General Electric plant, you hadn't talk about that. Sorry. That's too late. Those you have to fight your own way. You know, the country, the country, the country I'm going to solve that problem so fast.
He said he's the greatest president in my lifetime. I didn't like that. He's 37-years. I like -- I like the other one much better, greatest ever. Now, the Border Patrol is great. They're incredible people, and they gave us a full throated endorsement. And they have every year. Frankly, they always endorse me.
Trump is leading in New Hampshire. Do you think she wants me to win? You think when they do that, they hand her up. Oh. Oh. Oh. In other words, basically, saying, oh this is bad news. Now he's leading in New Hampshire. We're leading in New Hampshire. We're leading in the great state of Ohio. We're leading in a great state that I just left, Iowa.
Remember this. I entered the pipeline, I supplied the Javelins, and I got $430 billion more for NATO from these other countries, that were delinquent, they weren't paying. And then I had to listen to these people up here, the fake news. Say, he's been so nice. He's been so nice to Russia. Russia. You know who didn't think I was so nice to Russia?
You know why?
And she wants it to be on ABC because ABC, with George Stephanopoulos -- have you ever heard of him? It's the nastiest of all. Who would think it, right? You think of NBC as terrible, and they are -- MSNBC is disgusting, but the worst might be ABC, and that's the only one she'll do. And you know, when Biden came out with a brilliant idea to have a debate, how did that work out for him?
But for the first time in a long time, what we do know is that the pages will be authored by you, by all of us. The American people will be in charge. Your voice, your desires, your hopes and aspirations will never again fall on deaf ears and they were on deaf ears. You will be the captains of your destiny once more.
That was Biden. You know, he walks around now talking about the Black vote. He's the king of the superpredators. And he wrote the 1994 crime bill that you talk about so much. I guess everybody here knows about that, especially if you happen to be Black. And he was the one with the superpredators. So, just please remember that when you think you're going to vote Democrat because you shouldn't vote Democrat.
Thank you very much. Appreciate it. OK. Who else? Go ahead. Go ahead.
I could right now be having a very beautiful life of luxury and here I am at a hangar in Minnesota with 15 or 20 or 25,000 people, and thousands of people that couldn't get in and I'm working my ass off. I could be at home having a good time, wonderful time. But the one thing -- I say this [Audience chants "We want you"] but I say this, I say this, look, I could be home, so home was New York.
We'll do lots of things, but we got to come home we're gonna. Let people there we're gonna. Have those people pay they got to pay. They get so much money, they don't know what to do with it: they're rolling in money and nobody, I've been asking them by the way I've been asking.
And guess what you have now? Eight months, no nuclear testing, no missiles, no anything. Mike Pompeo is over there right now. And they -- they --they say, "He" -- meaning me, these guys, the crooked press, they are so dishonest. [Booing] They are so dishonest. [Booing] Fake news. They're fake news media.
Right? But that didn't stop him. We went through -- [Laughter] I said when is this guy going to quit, you know? [Laughter] He gave -- he gave me these words of beauty, then he goes for weeks and weeks. He was tough. [Laughter] Oh, he was a tough one, but we love Ben. Ben's special, and we appreciate it. Thank you, Ben.
And b-brother you see are unbelievable. And b-brother you see are unbelievable and they keep those strains going. And those - they keep those strains going and those - they keep those strains going and those buses and everything else. But we see our buses and everything else, but we see our buses and everything else.
Have you done that before?
I capped out-of-pocket costs. And the way they get protected by big tech and by the media -- the media doesn't want to ask -- you know, they didn't ask -- this is the hottest subject there is right now. And I didn't watch Sleepy Joe last night. I just wanted to see what he looked like. He wasn't looking too good. [Laughter] I just couldn't watch. It was too painful. [Laughter] But -- but, you know, they didn't -- I understand that they did not ask him a question about this. Can you believe it?
Great supporter. There's only one way to stop Obamacare: vote for Donald J. Trump. Very simple. Very simple. [Applause]
It was an amazing -- an amazing thing and an amazing success. So, we got it done pretty quickly. Once we got the legislation passed, I would say it moved along very quickly. Sadly, Crooked Joe Biden -- and that's what he is. He's a stone-cold thief. Crooked Joe Biden has been a disaster for American veterans.
China has been rebuilt because of the money and the jobs we've lost and the money that we've given them. We have rebuilt China. And they know it. I have many friends from China. I don't have any objection to China. I think it's wonderful. I'm angry at our people, not their people. If you can get away with it. So look, we've rebuilt China.
I wouldn't have even run, but they were horrible. So I won. If they were good and I did run, I would have won because they would have done a good job and I wouldn't have won, they were horrible. They had Ferguson, they had all of the problems in different places. Oakland. They had tremendous. Baltimore, they had tremendous.
Joe Biden is totally controlled by the radical socialist left. This country will never be a socialist country. Never. One of the most stunning moments last night, was when Joe Biden admitted that he wants to abolish the oil industry. That wasn't too good. Did you see him this morning? This morning -- "I didn't really mean that.
Other than my chart, it's one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen. It's going to make our country rich. Unfortunately, we have a lot of stupid politicians in Washington that don't like it. It's actually got -- they're learning, though. They're figuring it out. It'll make our country rich again.
We must and are focusing so much of our effort on drug demand reduction. We must confront the culture of drug abuse head-on to reduce demand for dangerous narcotics. Every person who buys illicit drugs here in America should know that they are risking their futures, their families, and even their lives.
Gas is going up, everybody. New cars are going to have to get smaller and then they're forcing into all electric. Does everybody like the idea of all electric and you can drive for one hour? So crazy. These people are crazy. But gas prices are again nearing $4 a gallon. And for much of Biden's term, you have to remember Americans have paid $5, $6 and $7 a gallon.
He has no idea why he got it. But if you're a President and you get nominated, then two days later you get nominated. Did you know this? A second time for a different deal Kosovo, Serbia, they've been killing each other for hundreds of years. I stopped a lot of death and I did it like, easy. It wasn't hard for me.
This is about our democracy and the sacred rights that generations of Americans have fought, bled, and died to secure. Nothing is more urgent or more important. The only ballots that should count in this election are those cast by eligible voters who are citizens of our country, residents of the states in which they voted, and who cast their ballots in a lawful manner before the legal deadline.
It's going to be all paid for in the United States, and it's going to be the best of them all. We have technology that's so incredible and so advanced, and we advanced it very much in my four years, but then they've done nothing with it. We're going to build an Iron Dome. It's a very big deal for me. Then I gave the farmers out of all the money that was raised from China, $28 billion, straight out of the tariffs that I took, and it's a large part of it came to the state of Iowa.
And you had people working, trying to help the most horrific sights you've ever seen. Trying to help, do whatever they could. And I was there when we actually thought the U.S. steel building was coming down and I'll never forget that I was standing next to these two massive wonderful firemen and we heard a screech, like a screech, steel on steel and it was a couple of days after the buildings and I was down there with the -- we had a crew of people that, you know, to help.
Our Radical Democrat opponents are driven by hatred, prejudice, and rage. They want to destroy you and they want to destroy our country, as we know it. Not acceptable, it's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. To understand Democrats ruthless tactics, look no further than the United States Supreme Court and our court system nationwide.
This is really, if we bring it up, this is like Watergate, only it's worse, because here our foreign enemies were in a position to hack our most sensitive national security secrets. No one takes all the risks Hillary Clinton took unless they're trying to cover up massive, massive crimes.
And you're seeing that, aren't you, huh? You're seeing that. That's great, Michael. That's great. [Inaudible] have a lot of fun. [Audience member says "A landslide"] Because there was... [Laughs] A landslide, well we're gonna see. We're gonna see. But, uh, we gotta good shot. No, we're doing great in Pennsylvania.
By the way, [Inaudible] for president that day, so what the heck? The movement, it's a movement, but that's a lot of hard -- it's very hard to tell somebody, We don't want you to leave. We don't want you to go to Mexico or wherever you're going
That's not like the second place finisher crowd. And we won easily, as we did in many many other states.
Nobody said we were going to have totally open borders. And if they said it, we wouldn't have believed them. Nobody would have believed that. Biden's complete abdication of duty is getting untold numbers of innocent Americans killed. On Biden's watch last year, Border Patrol saw 350% increase in criminal aliens breaking across our border, including 1,900% more murders, 1,900%. In the sanctuary state of New York, three savage illegal aliens MS13 gang member killers were charged last year with beating a 31-year-old mother with a baseball bat, hacking her to pieces with a machete and stuffing her body into the trunk of a car.
I have been to Camp Lejeune. We love Camp Lejeune. Twelve thousand citizen soldiers fill the ranks of the North Carolina Army and Air National Guard. [Applause]
You will no longer be abandoned, lonely, or scared. You will no longer be in danger. You're not going to be in danger any longer. You will no longer have anxiety from all of the problems our country has today. You will be protected, and I will be your protector. [Applause] Women will be happy, healthy, confident, and free.
I will be meeting with the NRA, which has given me their earliest endorsement in a Presidential race, to discuss how to ensure Americans have the means to protect themselves in this age of terror.
You have many companies that left this area. I'm looking at your numbers. I mean Pittsburgh, you're are wiped out, folks, I hate to say it. You got wiped out. Your manufacturing is way down. Your steel is way down. I look at Pittsburgh, and you know, maybe I'm a little old fashioned, but I love steel. OK. I love steel.
...you had to see what was going on in Pennsylvania, the love that was in Pennsylvania who have been stripped of their jobs. The NAFTA -- the NAFTA has been a disaster.
I said, why? Because we don't want anybody to see us. So we spend $1 trillion, and we have to turn the lights off because we're going to be shot down. Think of it, how crazy. I said, can you imagine? They're pulling down the shades and turning off, not only pulling down the shades, pulling down the shades.
They're not doing so well.
I got farmers $28 billion from China. I said, there's no way that Iowa is voting against Trump. There's nothing -- you guys were opening up those checks. You said, "Where the hell did that come from?" That came from Trump. I got it from China. Do you think Biden's going to get $28 billion from -- China gets -- China pays Biden directly, OK? We're just trying to find out how much.
You're talking about a lot of money. As we speak, Democrats are openly encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws and violate our borders. And they want to sign them up for free welfare, free health care, free education, and most importantly, they want to give them the right to vote. I can't imagine why.
I love polls. And somebody said, he talks about polls and the other people don't. That's because I'm winning. The other people. are losing. It's true. No, I saw it on television. No, no, I saw it last night on television. Now there may be a time when I stop talking about polls if I'm number two or three or four or five or 12. Some of these guys have nothing.
Ridiculous Waters of the United States ruled. You know what that is? That sounds so beautiful. Waters of the United States. Basically, they were taking your property away from you. That's what it was. I said, "I'm going to get killed when I do that one." And I had people come to the White House.
I think they're going to do a phenomenal job. But here are some facts. Kamala Harris is a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders. Actually, rated even worse than Pocahontas. Has anyone heard of Pocahontas? She was an original creator of defund the police movement, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States.
But these are dishonest -- but let me tell you, you have some great, honest papers. You have some great networks. I must tell you, Fox has treated me fairly.
I just took a picture. I said, "You're doing a great job." Along with the very wonderful man, a friend of mine, Senator Tommy Tuberville. Where's Tommy? Tommy's great. When he wanted to run for the Senate, I said, "Well, you beat Alabama six times in a row. How can you run for the Senate?" He said, "Well, I just look at them and I say, 'well, I was responsible for them getting Nick Saban.'" I said, "That's a good reason." And he won, very easily he won, but I'll never forget that.
They should be -- He wants to look like Tom Cruise from a long time ago. No, but he's fragile. He's not gonna be there. That's not what they're counting on. They're counting on somebody else. They're counting on by far the most liberal person in the senate, Kamala. They like her. They like Kamala. Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt you is supporting Joe Biden.
And, you know, last time I was leading -- I was beating everybody. But they didn't do the caucus thing too well, and I learned a lot. And we went to New Hampshire. We knocked them dead. We did very well here. We came in second. Those are my only second. I don't like second, though. Then we won the race against the Democrats.
We stand up to the open border and the environmental fanatics, the fanatics and pro-China special interests, and we stand up to all those people back there, the fake news media. We put workers first, we put families first. And above all, we put America first. We put America first. Before we revolutionize politics and redrew the political map in 2016, a redrawing like nobody had ever seen before.
We will expel the warmongers from our government. We will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the communists, Marxists and fascists. We will throw off the sick political class that hates our country. They truly do. They hate our country. We will route the fake news media. We will evict Crooked Joe Biden from the White House on November 5th, 2024. Please remember that day.
And you're going to have -- and you're going to have -- you're going to pay us so much money that we can afford to buy an army if we want, like times five." And I said, "And I have the legislation on my desk, and I'm going to sign it right now unless I hear -- " "Sir, we would like very much to do exactly as you say.
As president, I will be creating a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to shed sunlight on every dark and rotten corner of Washington, D.C., starting with Biden. And you got to understand, we were doing a job. I got rid of Comey. I got rid of the FBI top guys. I got rid of them all. Boy, oh, boy. If I didn't, I probably wouldn't be standing here talking to you because that was a bad thing they were planning.
You better get working out there. Brenna, thank you very much. Great honor. It was -- when you did it a couple of weeks ago, it got all over the country. I don't know, you do it pretty well because that was a big one. So -- [Audience member calls out "We need a new president"]
He will not get the women's vote." And then at the end of the evening, you remember how great I did? Right? What are my best group? Women. So I said, "Am I that bad? Am I that bad?" "He will not receive the women's vote." You know, Jim, this should be over very quickly. Uh, Donald Trump at that time, it was just Donald, no President. "Donald Trump will not be able to get the women vote." The end of the evening they said, "Man did he do well with the women vote.
In South Carolina we're going to have a baby. There's nothing wrong with that, right? So ... [Applause] Could be -- it could be any second. It could even be before I'm finished but it's -- but she insisted on being here.
I guess he would be But he never had that chant, "We love you." Thank you for that, "We love you." You're gonna make me cry, don't do that, I don't want to cry. I don't want to cry. You'll make me cry. You'll destroy my image, and then you won't love me anymore, that would be terrible. I appreciate it. No, I do.
You shouldn't have walked." Instead of saying, "I'm proud to walk with my President," and not because it's me because of the office. Instead of saying that, he wanted to apologize for walking with the President of the United States. And I said, " This guy doesn't have what it takes." And you're seeing that now, because the worst decisions I've ever seen -- That's again, why I put the Patton, I just remembered it as I was coming over here.
Isn't it? Isn't it a little? And I think it's a good thing maybe that they did it. Did they energize our base or what? They want to sign up the illegal immigrants for free healthcare, free welfare, free education and guess what they really want? They want them voting because they believe they'll be voting for Democrats every single time.
And we can do that again. We can do it again, and we can do it very quickly. We're going to do it very quickly. You know, they don't use this line anymore, but DeSanctus was saying, "Oh, you have to see." So, I think it was NBC because branding is a very big deal, right? So, I call him Ron DeSanctimonious.
Los Angeles is so bad. San Francisco, every city that's run by Democrats, so bad. We want them to succeed. We want people to succeed, but they cannot be allowed to turn every sidewalk and public park into their personal campground. It's so dangerous. As everyone here in Texas knows firsthand, there is another horrific disaster we must confront if we want to restore safety in our country.
And we moved the capital of Israel to Jerusalem. That's for the evangelicals. It's amazing with that. The evangelicals are more excited about that than Jewish people. It's incredible. But we did, we did that. And Golan Heights, don't forget Golan Heights. We did Golan Heights. So we've done a lot. In February, Biden said, "If you elect me your taxes are going to be raised.
They hardly showed the rally that we had inside, where we had the parents of young children who were killed by illegal immigrants, right? Where we had the most amazing love fest, like this, the most -- even more people, where we had the most amazing love fest. You know a friend of mine came to me and he came to Dallas.
So this horrible journalist, she's is a real -- you know, she's a Trump hater. She gets -- you know, she's worth zero ratings. Nobody watches her, but she said, she was trying -- look, Bloomberg made a fool out of himself last night. He choked. Here's another one, he's going, "Huh, huh. Huh. Oh, I can't breathe.
Our vets are going to be treated fantastically.
And by the way, when you owe 20 trillion, wouldn't it be really nice if you did have somebody that understood debt? But the biggest problem. It's like a rocket ship going up. The biggest problem we have is that, you know, normally, you want to get like a bang for your buck, right? Look what we have. We have our roads are falling apart.
But when I sort of gave it a little knock, I said, "Let's face it. We've been ripped in Detroit. We got to make Detroit -- " They said, "He was disparaging." I'm not disparaging. I'm telling you the facts. You need businesses to come back into this place. You need businesses. Otherwise, forget it. You can't make it, and people have to understand it.
And for many years and decades, even, you didn't hear too much about. Our country and its taxpayers have been ripped off for more than 50 years, but it is not going to happen anymore. It's not going to happen. In a few moments, I will sign a historic executive order instituting reciprocal tariffs on countries throughout the world, reciprocal.
Hillary Clinton is engaged in far-reaching criminal conduct and in an equally far-reaching criminal cover up, including the destruction of 33,000 e-mails, after receiving -- after -- after, can you imagine? Can you imagine if I did that? They would say, he must immediately leave this race. Oh, boy. Thirty-three thousand e-mails were deleted after receiving a Congressional subpoena. That alone, folks -- that's not the new group; that's the old group. That alone is big problems, for which she got away with murder. Honestly, she has no right to be running, you know that. No right. [Applause]
Sounds like a very nice name. That was a vicious hurricane. Whether it's in Florida or Georgia or Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, a lot of areas affected, but we just want to give everybody our love. That was a devastating power that hit -- among the most powerful hurricanes ever to hit our country.
We had it all bought and we could have done another 200 miles because we needed more. We did what we said we were going to do, but then we could have done more, and we had it all bought and we had the election was ended and rigged, by the way, and we didn't take over. And what they did -- and this is the first time I realized they were serious because I thought they were playing games.
Trump, I love you I'm a big supporter and it doesn't matter. But I don't know if you're nice enough to be President and I said, actually, you know what, I pride my -- I have so many friends I have great relationships, but some people don't think I'm nice, in a CNN poll I won on almost every topic and they'll tell you back there, they're shooting here, they're all here live, they're all over the place. But you know what? They'll tell you, otherwise I couldn't say it, I once used by huge by three, four times, leadership, the economy every -- almost all the part -- the only thing, I thought it was down the bottom in terms of, is he a nice person? Actually, I think someday I'm gonna win on that, 'cause I am a nice per -- but you know what I told the woman, I don't think it matters this time. I think today we're looking for real super-competence.
And I come from a town -- we have the Jets, they never win. You have the Mets, they never won. He won 15, that's called talent. It's called extraordinary talent actually. And what I did is, I thought about it, I thought about it long and hard, we're very selective. So the Congressional Medal of Honor and the Presidential Medal of Freedom are the two greatest awards you can get in our country and I'm proud to announce that I will be awarding very shortly at the White House, in the Oval Office, coach Gable, the Presidential Medal Of Freedom.
And then they become mainstream. "We'll vote on Obamacare. Yes, I vote." They don't want to leave. They lose all of their courage. I want to use a nice word because otherwise they'd get reported for foul language. They lose all of their courage and they've let us down. That won't happen with me.
We had some beauties, but we can use Pocahontas and other people. But -- but I said, listen, I said, "You wouldn't take them back?" "Sir, there seems to be a misunderstanding. We would love to take them back. We love MS-13 so much. Sir, please, please, let us take them back, sir. Please." And we sent them back, and they took them like nothing -- like nothing.
Headlines, Donald Trump called women beautiful. They're all saying, "Please call me beautiful." It is a crazy phenomenon that's going on. But you know what, women? You are beautiful. To me, you're beautiful. Every one of you is beautiful. Every one. Tomorrow, headlines, Trump in Nevada was terrible what he said.
They don't want to be a member -- would you like to be a member of ICE and run into a pack of MS-13 killers and swing it out for about two hours and then stand up and say, let's get them out of here? You wouldn't? Tough guys don't want any part of it. They're tough, and they're smart. But you know what? They love our country, and they do an incredible job.
Get out." We can't get him out fast enough. I'm worried about the next five months. We could end up in World War III with this person. He's the worst president ever. The Biden administration has been nonstop -- he has been a catastrophe. It's been a nonstop catastrophe. But one of crooked Joe's most destructive moves yet is the lawless executive action he is taking today.
Our friends in Britain recently voted to take back control of their economy, politics and borders. I was on the right side of that issue, as you know, with the people. I was there. I said it was going to happen. I felt it. While Hillary, as always, stood with the elites. And both she and President Obama predicted that one, and many others, totally wrong.
We will unleash the power of American energy. The catastrophe known as Obamacare will be repealed and replaced. [Applause]
You'll have a depression the likes of which you've never seen, mark my words, but hopefully, we don't have to even think about it. And that was going to happen here, when we took over that was going down in the wrong direction, and don't forget, that was zero interest, we're paying interest. In other words, people are now getting interest in their money, but that was with zero interest, real easy with zero interest.
Florida manufacturing jobs, remember, you need a magic wand, you're never going to bring it back. That was President Obama, you need a magic wand after the twin disasters of NAFTA, horrible. One of the worst trade deals ever made and China's entrance into the WTO, the World Trade Organization. For years, bought and paid for politicians took money from special interests to ship your jobs to other countries.
But, it is amazing, doing a story -- a love story -- on how great we are together -- and by the way, we're stronger today than we ever were before which is good, but... [Applause]
We do that then, uh, they can cheat a little bit at least, you know? 'Cause, 'cause they will cheat a little bit. You know, you can't stop 'em. I saw a news announcer the other night on television, they were talking about a certain state. And they said, well, you have to win it by at least five or six states more because they cheat.
And I said, that's too bad. I said, if I get in, we are going to totally void out the Johnson Amendment. And I was able to do that. We voided it out. And you were able to speak because you're the people that I want to hear from and that other people want to hear from, and you're not allowed to speak, and you should be allowed.
The water at Camp Lejeune.
We only want to admit people to our country who will support our values and love our people. They have to love our people. [Applause] These are, in fact, the pillars of a sound national security strategy. Unlike my opponent, my foreign policy will emphasize diplomacy, not destruction.
I'm just telling you Pennsylvania, we're gonna make it. We're gonna make it. But -- we're gonna make it. We're gonna make sure if we have Pennsylvania, that's for sure. Then we'll make it easy. But I'm just telling you, you can not let this pass. NAFTA passed. It's been one of it's been the worst trade deal probably ever made not in this country, anywhere in the world.
We have to make this deal. We have to make this deal and let's get it done. I think you'd have it done in a half hour. But you need leadership. You know you can't fly to Hawaii to play golf on a Boeing 747. Talking about the -- talking about the carbon footprint. You know Pat, he talks about the carbon footprint, right?
So, now, can you imagine? So, you know, guys have jobs for 20 years, they've got a family, they have everything, they're doing a good job, they're good people, good workers, and their jobs are being taken away by people that just came in. It's not right. Hispanic jobs, also, to a lesser extent, union jobs will be affected, not yet, but they will be very much so.
And only being a politician for a few years, I said, what a terrible mistake that she used the word irredeemable, but it turned out to be deplorable. Deplorable was not a good day for Hillary. Crooked Hillary, she is a crooked one. Crooked. Crooked. She is crooked. Nearly half of all the homeless people living in the streets in America happen to live in the state of California.
The Black worker, their wages are going to be cut in half. But much more, I believe, much more than that. And ultimately their jobs are going to be gone. They're going to be given to other people. It's a bigger problem than anybody understands. Just like I was saying a year ago, you know, I don't want to be bragging, but there was a hat that was made about two years ago.
To protect our nation's seniors, we rushed supplies, testing kits, and personnel to nursing homes. We gave everything you can possibly give, and we're still giving it because we are taking care of our senior citizens. The Army Corps of Engineers built field hospitals, and the Navy deployed our great hospital ships.
We won North Carolina, and we won Pennsylvania. And we won Michigan, and we won Wisconsin, and we won Georgia and Texas, and Utah.
I will pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. Now, what that means is very simple. We get all these bad deals, we changed a lot of them, most of them, but still plenty of them out there, a lot of unfair deals. If China or any other country makes us pay a tariff for tax, let's say 100 to 200%, we will make them pay a reciprocal tariff of 100 to 200% right back.
So I just saw him this morning. I said, by the way, how are you doing? He said, sir, they dropped the suit. Good. Isn't it easier? Look, do you think Hillary does that? I don't think so. I don't think so. Isn't that easier, though, that settling for like $4 billion seven years from now? But the lawyers aren't happy at all. They don't like it. We've got a lot of lawyers in this crowd. They're not happy about that deal.
Trump Was Right About Everything. Pretty much. I got to say, pretty much. I stood proudly with our friend and ally, the State of Israel, and kept my promise, recognized Israel's eternal capital, opened the embassy in Jerusalem. I got it opened physically, too. It was supposed to cost $2 billion. I got it done for 500,000. I said, "Do we have any renovated?
One of the highest-rated days. Did anybody not watch television that night? All over the world, they were watching. But soon, when this facility is fully operational, you'll export up to 15 million tons of liquefied natural gas every single year. That's a massive amount. One of the biggest in the world. To put that massive capacity in perspective, this facility alone could soon supply over 40 percent of the natural gas Germany imported from Russia in 2017, or 25 percent of the LNG imported by the European Union in 2018. See that?
We sparked a revolution in domestic energy production, and the United States is now the number-one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on planet Earth. [Applause]
And I said we're going to treat you so well, like you've never been treated. And then he wanted to talk about anything because nobody would talk to him. Now he talks to me [Laughter] and we got the Olympics. And then we got through Gianni, who's the boss, we got -- he's a friend of mine, we got the World Cup, I got them both.
And as much as we've done -- we've done more than anybody has ever done in three and a half years. But you know what? As much as we've done -- we would have done more had we done that, because getting those extra 10 votes was almost impossible with these people. Almost impossible. So I wish we had done it. I wanted to do it, but we had some obstacle and obstacles.
He's got nothing to hide. We don't worry about him, right, Mom? Nothing to hide. But we worry about others, right? So they've hacked 30 million. The numbers vary from 10 million to 30 million to 35 million. And what happens? The government is going after the St. Louis Cardinals for hacking the Houston Astros baseball team.
And you all know who you are. [Laughter] So, keeping with tradition, and as your Commander-in-Chief, I hereby absolve and pardon all cadets serving restrictions and confinements. And that, you earned. You earned it. So you're all on even footing. Is that nice? [Laughter] This class has racked up a list of truly extraordinary achievements.
And they would make more money from 21 years ago than they did 3 years ago. And they had three jobs and two jobs. And now they're making money. And they're also having choice. You know I got the Veteran's Choice. First time in 44 years, the veterans have choice -- -- where they can go pick a doctor if they have to wait on line for four weeks.
Then I'll be called by friends of mine, then I'll be called by special interests, then I'll be called by lobbyists, but they didn't give me any money and I didn't take any money, so I don't care. And I'll say to the president of Ford, "I'm sorry, but unless you build in this country, our country, where we have jobs, where we want to have great people, unless you do that, we are going to charge you a 35 percent tax on every single car that you wheel over the border, every single one." This plant makes cars, trucks, and parts.
That's why we make all these bad deals. A lot of times you think we're making bad deals. A lot of times you think the people that run it are so stupid. They're not stupid. They know it's bad. But they do it because they get, essentially, paid a fortune in campaign contributions and probably other things, honestly, that we don't know about.
And they gave us the authority to protect our nation, keep our nation safe -- to keep it safe. As you know, there's now a vacancy on the Supreme Court. And if you turn in Monday at 9 o'clock, I think you're going to be extremely with the selection, right?
But let let me just tell you, I do have love for the protesters. And I have love for the people standing outside, the thousands of people that wanted to get in here. I love you people out there. I love you. But -- but you are going to remember this night and you're going to remember Tuesday, more importantly.
You know who's also great? Shawn Johnson, right? I love Shawn. Shawn Johnson is great. Go ahead.
I think it was one of the most embarrassing. I think that's why actually Putin went into Ukraine. But we're going to take care of Israel, and they know that. Bibi called me yesterday. He called me the day before. We have a very good relationship. And I have to say, they've done -- fortunately, they didn't listen to Biden because if they listened to Biden, they'd, right now, be waiting for a bomb to drop on them.
They come from New York, Carl Icahn world. They come from New York. Carl Icahn is backing me, 100 %. Endorsing me is backing me 100 %. Endorsing me is backing me 100 % endorsing me. He's already endorsed me. But many of the - he's already endorsed me, but many of the - he's already endorsed me. But many of the other business people they want to other business people, they want to other business people.
We will always stand up for the right of all Americans to pray to God and to follow his teachings. America is beginning a new chapter. Today each of you begins a new chapter as well. When your story goes from here, it will be defined by your vision, your perseverance and your grit. That's a word Jim Kelly knows very well, your grit. In this, I'm reminded of another man you know very well and who has joined us here today.
I went to Walter Reed on numerous occasions because -- to see the soldiers. And I've never been -- I would always say I could have never been a doctor because I can't handle that stuff, right? You know, I'm not -- if I see somebody with a little finger, little blood, I say ugh, and yet I was able to handle it so incredibly well because when I looked at -- I don't know, it was a different feeling of love, something, but I would go a lot.
We're not gonna do badly in midterm. A lot of people say, oh, that you always will do badly in the midterm. I don't think there's any reason for that. These people were fighting. When I did the thing with the men playing in women's sports, I watched today, Democrats fighting me on this. They don't learn.
And I went to one event, he came with me. We have 24,000 people. And this guy's really a tough cookie. He's a great financial guy. One of the guys I definitely used to negotiate with Japan, China. Believe me, you are going to be in good shape if that happens. We won't have these characters. You know, this whole thing with all of these guys.
It's unbelievable. They're giving -- because of Biden and Kamala, they're giving precedence over your children who've been in that school. Is it not even thinkable? I will put American taxpayers first, American workers first, and American communities first, and we will put communists and Marxists and fascists last.
They had the worst catastrophe in history, the greatest embarrassment in the history of our country with Afghanistan. But you have to do something else. You have to elect a senator, because we can also take the Senate. And if we take the Senate, the presidency, we're going to take the House, I'm sure of that.
You're an amazing group of people. It's, uh, I mean, each one of you has a story like really no other. And, uh, it's an honor to be here. We traveled long and far. It's a long flight, going to Malaysia then say, "Let's stop over. Let's stop over." But we wanted to be here for this because it's very special.
It's about time. A brand-new poll -- I love the good polls when they're accurate. Even if they're against me, which aren't so many against us, right, if they're accurate, but a brand-new poll just came out from Remington Research, highly respected, has us 4 points up in Ohio. [Applause]
When we do, we will find new avenues for cooperation unfolding before us. We will find new passion for peacemaking rising within us. We will find new purpose, new resolve, and new spirit flourishing all around us, and making this a more beautiful world in which to live.
By the way, it never happened. Never happened.
You know, when I do that, it's very dangerous for me because they're so dishonest. Like, sometimes, I'll walk back, I'll imitate Biden, and I'll walk, like, into that wall of sorts, and they'll show me on television. They'll say, "See? Trump couldn't find the exit to the stage." I do an imitation of it. I say, "Thank you.
She's great. She's great. And it's not easy for her either. I will tell you this, it is a tough thing. When we came down that escalator and I said let's go. I took a deep breath and I made a speech and I talked about illegal immigration, and all hell broke out. And you wouldn't even be talking about immigration and illegal immigration, which is a far bigger problem than anyone knew.
But he loved Pennsylvania and he loved this area and I wanted to tell you, he had a choice to be at Pebble Beach. He had a choice to be along the Pacific Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean or any other ocean that he wanted, and he didn't want a move. He never even thought about it. He was a great man and he's looking down right now, but he was a great man.
It can't go on like this, and they're getting worse. You look at little towns, villages, cities -- and even the big cities, they're petrified that this is going to happen to them. The governor of Colorado is a radical-left Democrat, but he just doesn't know what to do. He doesn't know what to do. Springfield, Ohio -- we love Ohio.
But I did something better, I'm letting everybody build their own power plant, so they'll become like an electric utility in addition to AI. But if they want to build their own plant and we get their approvals within less than a month -- it used to take five years prior to rejection. Sometimes a guy in Louisiana -- they had one, it took 12 years and then they got rejected.
We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of ridiculous, horrible, endless foreign wars. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, we have never ever been even close to as strong as we are right now, greatest equipment ever in our history, and we will ensure peace through strength.
Can you believe this? And he's over there. And these jails are serious jails. These are the meanest -- they say it's one of the worst in the world. Can you imagine? So, we've got four people over there. We're giving all of this money, all of this access. We -- they will have nuclear weapons soon, and we don't even get them back.
John Fabbricatore. That's a hell of a name, but it worked. It worked because he did a great job. Wyoming secretary of state, Chuck Gray. Chuck, thank you very much. Great job, Chuck. The sheriff of Douglas County, Darren Weekly. Aurora City councilwoman, Danielle Jurinsky. And Stephanie Hancock. The founder or president of the Article III Project, this guy is tough as hell.
That unemployment last month hit a 16-year low. Since my election, we've added much more than 1 million jobs. Think of that. And remember I came in and some people said, don't say that.
My infrastructure plan will provide help for projects like the proposed Interstate-11, which would connect Phoenix with Las Vegas and other areas.
I said we could do it cheaper, calls me back two days later. Sir, we have a piece of land with a building on it. I think we can renovate it for $350,000 and it'll be nicer than the one they want to build. So we did it for $350,000, I actually -- first time in my life, I said, David, I've never said this before, it sounds too cheap, make it $500,000. So instead of spending $1 billion to $2 billion, probably would have never got built.
When I was president, Iran was broke. They had no money. I said to China, "If you buy," they bought a lot of oil. I said, 'If you buy anything, but if you buy oil from Iran, we are going to do something to you." "What's that?" "You're not going to do any business in the United States." He said, "Well, that's the end of buying oil from Iran." Every country was told that.
This plant was bigger than practically all of their plants put together. It would have devastated them. And I made the statement very strongly and that was about it. Sort of forgot about it, and I saw him like a couple of weeks ago in the audience. And I said, "Would you do me a favor? Tell that gentleman, his name is John. I want to see him."
So they'd fight and fight for two, three years. Bombs this way, bomb -- nothing happened, they'd rest. Then they go back and fight. We decapitated one of the armies. We get decapitated one of the countries. We leave, Iran's taking it over. Second richest oil reserves in the world is Iraq. Nobody knows that.
This is not living in a country that we grew up in, and we're not going to stand for it. We're not going to stand for it. We're going to take our country back. We're going to take our country back. In Iowa, this week, another illegal immigrant released by Joe Biden pled guilty to sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl.
And they asked me during the debate, Nikki Haley said that you and a lot of your supporters have great anger. Now, I'm supposed to say, oh no, we don't have anger. We're wonderful people. We're so happy with the way the country is run. And I said, wait a minute, I'm not going -- I'm going to tell the truth.
There's a 58 -- Now I'm going to say the wall is going to cost if I do it because I'll be under budget ahead of schedule always.
We mark it down to COVID. You know, our doctors get more money if somebody dies from COVID. You know that right? I mean, our doctors are very smart people. So what they do is they say, "I'm sorry, but, you know, everybody dies of COVID." But in Germany and other places if you have a heart attack or if you have cancer, you're terminally ill, you catch COVID, they say you died of cancer.
And other inappropriate racial, sexual or political content onto our children. I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or mask mandate. And who believes I have to say this, but I do and I will keep men out of women's sports. I will fully uphold the Second Amendment, we will protect innocent life and we will restore free speech and I will secure our elections.
Don't listen to the cynics and angry partisans and professional pessimists. We are Americans and we will prevail. We are prevailing and we are. It's amazing what's happening, if you look at what's going on. It's been really very amazing.
Let me begin by thanking law enforcement officers here in this city and across this country for their service and sacrifice in difficult, difficult, difficult times. [Applause]
It wasn't meant. Looks pretty. But every time you have a storm, you might as well forget it. But every palm tree is standing. There's nothing you can do to those suckers.
That's what it is, they want to lock it down. Let's lock our country down for a couple of years, and let it go away. And by the way, those are the people that do the worst. They're the ones doing the worst. Europe imposed draconian lock downs, and cases were surging, and deaths were surging. Well, think of it.
You saw that one? The letter. He wants 10 million a year for introductory purposes. Okay, 10 million. But it all blew up. By that time, the laptop from hell was found. The one that Schiff said was developed in Russia. It's unbelievable. And then you have Ukraine. He goes into Ukraine. His father was in charge of Ukraine, right?
They didn't say that they're flying thousands of people over, and those numbers aren't included or the app. They have an app that's being used by the cartel leaders, the people that are making billions of dollars. The cartel leaders, think of this, call the app and they say where to drop the illegal migrants.
Then, as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton stood by idly while China cheated on its currency, added another trillion dollars to our trade deficits and stole hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property. And I've been talking about China for many years. And you know what? Nobody listened.
Biden's justices will remove the words under God from the Pledge of Allegiance. [Audience Boos] Did you see that? Did you see it? They said, no, we'd never remove -- and I saw it. They're doing the Pledge of Allegiance and I said, oh, there must be a typo. They left the words under God out of the Pledge of Allegiance, the Democrats. [Audience Boos] And I said, oh, there's a typo, typo.
This is total embarrassment. I mean, these are bad people. And by the way, both good men, both good men. And you know what? And I told Luther, I have to say this, if his opponent wins, I'm going to be here campaigning like hell for him. [Applause]
We're led by fools. We're led by fools. We had it going so good. But it was done. And then I got a call. "Sir, give me the final order." What does that mean? There are a lot of them in a certain area. They all got together. I said, "We got to do something about that." They said, "We got to go after him, sir.
Cruz has had none. Kasich has had none. When they get hit with their first negative ad, they're over. With me, I think we're immune to it and the ads were wrong. They're totally phony ads. But here's the story, folks. You got to look back in years from now and you got to say it was the single greatest vote I've ever cast.
Because of the Democrats, you can go out and you can have thousands of people marauding through the streets threatening other people, beyond threatening, kicking them in the face, doing what they've done you've seen it. And they would have done that to Senator Rand Paul last night. He'd either be in very bad shape or dead and that would include his wife if those policemen didn't happen to be there, and they took some big beating.
I said -- and you have to understand, Mattis told me it would take three years. He kept telling me more, more. It got to a point it was ridiculous. So, I said, "So, General, I want to think about this, but I've been told it's going to take a long time. And you're telling me three weeks." "You'll have time left over, sir." So, I said, "All right, look, I'm going back to Washington.
Cincinnati, oh we love Cincinnati. What do you think, hey, by the way, Pete let him in, right?
All that stuff. How long has he been waiting like 30 years, like 35 years. He's got more hits than anybody. He was so good. I still remember when he went into second base and he took out Doug Harrelson, right? Right? That was the name of the second baseman. Good. That means it's still good. But you know.
You know, I was here a couple of months ago and they opened the biggest LNG plant I have ever seen in my life. Right? Were you there? And they've been trying to get this thing approved for years and years and years and they couldn't. And then President Trump came along and I got those permits so fast for them.
By contrast, we had, perhaps, the most successful four years of any president in American history. Before the pandemic, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world. We created over 7 million new jobs and achieved the lowest unemployment rates for African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans ever recorded.
Here's the story. We're going to put a tariff on your cars and all the other things you're selling into the United States of America, where you're making a fortune of 25%. That's billions and billions of dollars. And if you don't give us those soldiers by Monday morning, I'm putting that tariff on and I'm signing it right now right in front of you.
But, you know, I believe in it. Get even with people. [Laughter] If they screw you. Screw them back 10 times as hard. I really believe -- And I'll give you an example. Jennifer Hawkins. Where is Jennifer? Where is she sitting? Come up here Jen. First of all, how beautiful is Jennifer?
And I just want to thank her and him and their whole family because that's not easy. And Kid Rock, same thing, called, he said -- he said, "I want to be a part of it. I want to be a part." Because you know Kid does this great song, big, big monster song. I had no idea. You know, he became a friend of mine over the last 10 years, and he's amazing.
We moved them back to where they came from, and some we put in prison because they're too dangerous to move back, because they'll try and figure a way. You know, they're not stupid. They're viscous, but they're not stupid, sort of like the democrats if you think about it. They'll confiscate privately owned firearms and share, uh, they will, what they will do, they will share everything with themselves, only dangerous equipment, and they will totally cut up a thing called your second amendment rights.
Just think of this. Israel would not now be under attack -- would never be under attack. They'd be flourishing. They'd be happy. All of those people that are dead, right now dead, beautiful daughters and sons, fathers and mothers, babies. Forty-four babies had their heads cut off. Did you hear that right?
It's getting close, we can't say, Make America Great Again. cause I already did that, right? Right? So, right? So our, not my slogan, our slogan, this is a team. Our new slogan will be -- and you know this is on the assumption that happens, which I'm almost positive, can never be 100% sure.
As you may know, we're also working to bring back the remains of your brothers-in-arms who gave their lives in Korea. And I hope that, very soon, these fallen warriors will begin coming home to lay at rest in American soil. That's starting the process.
Thank you very much. I appreciate it. So nice. And I'm thrilled to be here tonight at the very first -- and as the very first President to address this incredible group of people. I have a lot of friends in the audience. They are incredible people.
You don't have to think about it, but it's a great thing for your family and it's a great thing for longevity. You know, you treat your franchise just like a farmer treats his farm, you love it. You know, you're there early, you're cleaning it, little touch of paint here there. We got -- there's a little spot on the ceiling drives you crazy, right?
It was terminated. That was the biggest thing they ever did. They were going to get billions and billions of dollars a week. And I said, "Nope, it's over. And then Biden came in and he approved it. And by the way, he killed the Keystone pipeline. How about that one? He did a little reversal. When Mexico refused to help secure the border and stop illegal immigration I announced that I was putting a 5% tariff on all goods coming from Mexico.
They're all terrible people, 100 percent corrupt. So, we send to one of our so-called allies 2,300 Humvees. Now, think of this. You know, normally, you'd say like three. How many are there? We sent three. These are armor-plated Humvees. You can imagine what they cost. They don't even report it because it's probably so high that, you know, that's another scandal like the $5 billion website for Obamacare, right?
Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people. [Applause]
That's a lot if you lost five hundred million, that's a lot. I thought that was another typo, $500 billion, they would take a year from us. We rebuilt China, and I give them a lot of credit by the way, I give China. What I don't give credit to is Obama and past administrations beyond Obama. I don't give them credit because they let it happen.
The largest audience in the history of cable television for CNN. Here CNN covers wars, covers everything. Right? She have the largest audience in the history of cable television and then a few weeks later, Oh yeah. They do say the debate with Hillary will be. It's going to blow everything away. Oh, I look forward to that debate.
Third, it must improve the quality of life for U.S. citizens. The quality of life, our quality of life is going down.
They are the worst. Our leaders have dragged us into foreign wars that have made us less safe, shipped our jobs and wealth to other countries and left our borders wide open at home. So people flow in and drugs flowing like it's candy, like it's water. We send our troops to foreign countries to defend their borders but our politicians refuse to defend our borders.
And just remember I said this because this is a disaster waiting to happen. You know, we're doing very well with the Black and Hispanic vote. We're doing very well with the union vote, like record numbers, because we've done a lot. We've done criminal justice reform. We've done -- we've saved the historically Black colleges and universities.
This guy, he thinks the United Auto Workers have the worst leader and that they're crazy. They're going to be driven out of business, all the business is going to China. Within two or three years, you're not going to have autoworkers in this. If they vote for Trump, we're going to -- we're going to bring in factories at levels that you've never seen before.
And I say very modestly that I have done more for the African-American community than any President since Abraham Lincoln, our first Republican President. And I have done more in three years for the Black community than Joe Biden has done in 47 years. And when I am re-elected, the best is yet to come. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you very much.
Come here. Come. You want to hear from him? Yeah.
It's a bad subject. It's an embarrassing subject. It's embarrassing that this could happen to our country. But in Milwaukee, they have a beautiful arena. It's holds like -- you know, essentially, I think it's probably a little bit larger than Madison Square Garden, but that size, and we were packed to the rafters.
So nice. Thank you Jerry.
And stop charging a wide range of crime. They didn't go after left-wing anarchists and violent criminals, including all of the people that we just mentioned. They never went after them. They just wouldn't do it. They went after police stations. They went after police. Nothing happened to them. I did a hell of a job.
So, get out and I get it done. I will get it done, they won't. They haven't even promised it to you, but they won't get it done if they do. And I will always protect Social Security and Medicare for our great seniors, just as I did for four incredible years. By contrast, Kamala Harris has a three-step plan to destroy Medicare and Social Security.
That's why we call everything a friendly protest, that way we're allowed to meet. Think of it, you can't go to church but if you want to burn down Center City we have no problem with it. I'll tell you. We're bringing our country back, but if you think it's easy with this people we have to deal with. The Biden lock-down would crush America and my plan will crush the virus.
So you paid for the privilege of not buying healthcare. We got rid of it in the tax cut plan. Big thing. Big thing. That was so unconstitutional, but that was the worst part of Obamacare. We got rid of that and you see what's going on, and we're really producing -- and except for one vote. Remember the one vote? Three o'clock in the morning thumbs down. What a vote that was. What a vote that was. That was some vote.
They're silent. You don't see them and very smart, and they're better at the hacking, and they're better at the computers than our people are, which is shocking. And they're convincing our youth and other people in this country to do lots of bad things, and we don't even know about it. So, we have to be much smarter than we've been.
But if we -- need some people we can bring people in on work -- Get caught or whatever. You know what happened? They move themselves. They move themselves. They said "Oh, wait!" They're going to us next week. They gonna come to us in a month." They all move up millions of people left. Millions of illegals left.
He likes Trump, and I like him. I feel comfortable because it's a wall. We always needed a wall. And one day, I'm going to find out where you bought that suit, and I'm going to wear it to one last -- because, you know, it's sad. We've done this for nine years. We had the greatest rallies in the history of the world.
She thinks I'm just horrible in the last three years. I'm up 94%, sir. She thinks I'm a total genius when it comes to filing. She loves me again. She didn't love me before, sir. She loves me again. That tells you something about money, doesn't it? The first step to victory in November is tomorrow. Go send a message that Republicans -- and you can vote for the weakest candidate if you want.
They don't want to write about it. They don't want to talk about it. They don't want to -- they'll write about it after the election. They don't want to write about it now. And we'll put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail, or we'll kick them the hell out of our country. We want them out.
Hillary Clinton failed to turn over thousands of documents, then tried to shield her criminal conduct by having her chief of staff declare herself to be Hillary Clinton's private attorney. Hillary and her top aides told the FBI and others related in the lawsuit that they couldn't recall or remember, can't remember anything. By the way, if she really can't remember, she can't be president. She doesn't remember anything!
I think I know what they're saying without even asking. They're going next to our planes with their fighter jets. They became emboldened. With all of the money, all of the humiliation, we gave them $150 billion back and they've become nastier.
They put the name Tiffany, Tiffany, got the blue box, everything. Tiffany, Tiffany, Tiffany, isn't that wonderful, but it was -- it wasn't made by Tiffany. Biden will eliminate by tariffs on China. He's already said he's going to take the tariffs off China. There goes your steel industry, there goes your aluminum industry, there goes everything, allowing them to plunder without consequence.
And you know, really a big part of it, folks, is -- is the fact and it's such an important thing, the fact that the politicians aren't fighting for our country anymore. They don't fight for us. You know when you look at China, when you look at Japan, when you look at Mexico you look at Vietnam, you look at so many different countries all over the world.
The Afghans, the Afghanistanians, they're great fighters. They're very good fighters. They fight for 2,000 years, they fight. I remember when I first came into the White House, they said, "Sir, it's going to be a rough spring." "Why? Well, they fight in the spring. That's what they do. They come out of the caves, and they come out of the crevices in the mountains, and they fight." And I said, "No kidding.
They would have made a deal within one week after we took office. They would have made a deal. They were so ready to make a deal. We had sanctions. Well, that's a good question. We can do a lot. We can do a lot. We can do a lot. And you know what? We have cards. We had all the cards. We still have cards. If they knew how to play them, they still have cards.
Amazing. And if a company wants to fire their workers, leave our country and then ship their products back into our country, there will be consequences. I'm sorry. There will be consequences. Big consequence. On health care reform, every day the law known as Obamacare, is destabilizing our health care. Really destabilizing it. Surging premiums and forcing providers out of the market.
But this November, the American people are going to tell her, "No, thanks, Kamala. You've done a terrible job. You've been terrible at everything you've done. You're ultra-liberal that we don't want you here. We don't want you anywhere. Kamala, you're fired. Get out of here. You're fired." [Applause] And yet, the fake news, which, a month ago, said she was incompetent, said she was a stiff and just a dopey, stiff, the worst.
Can I say that word dishonest? And I went to one caucus which is the biggest one in Las Vegas. And I'll tell you there was such love. They went crazy and there were probably 2,000 people in the room and of the 2,000 people a hundred people maybe. I don't even think that we're possibly going to vote for somebody else.
We can't -- we can't let that happen. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again.
It's what they do with the devaluation. Makes it impossible for our businesses to compete. All of these countries are going -- believe me China's lurking in the background. They're watching. They're not in it, but they're watching and they're going to go in through the back. In a couple of years, and they'll steal it all.
WikiLeaks also shows something I have been warning about for a very, very long time. The media is simply an extension of the Clinton campaign. It's one of the biggest ways that our system is rigged and I was the first one to use that term. When I was running in the primaries, when I won Louisiana and I got fewer delegates than people that I beat easily.
None. And I will keep men out of women's sports. Now, it just shows you how crazy this is. You know, think of it. Then I have to say, "So, I guess I'm a politician." I think of myself as a real estate person, a businessperson, but I guess I'm a politician, right? I became president. I guess I'm a politician.
I love this every once in a while you know say I'm saying?
A lot of them will be false. It's also but by the time I end up winning, what happens is it's too late the election's over. So what do I get? The super PACs are a scam. They have total control over the candidates. They do whatever the person that puts the money up once. If a man owns a company in China and he gives money to a super PAC, Jeb Bush was over as an example.
We take great pride in our country and we teach the truth about our history. We celebrate our rich heritage and national traditions. We honor George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, and all of our national heroes. And of course, we always respect our great American flag. We believe in patriotic education for our children, and we strongly oppose the radical indoctrination of America's youth.
North Carolina, how many- What number is this? Don't be embarrassed. [Audience member calls out "60"] Six oh? [Audience member response "Six Oh"] 60! They have a group of 12 women and I see them a lot. And I say North Carolina, they remind me of the- no matter where we go and- So, 60, that's a lot, but that's only about 20%. So, you know, you have a long way to go.
We don't want to put up the money because we don't have any money.
And I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or any mask mandate. We're not giving them. There will be no mask mandates. And incredibly that I even have to say this because it's so ridiculous that it could even be a subject, I will keep men out of women's sports. And just as I did for four years, very successfully, nobody's done it like I did, I will fully uphold our great Second Amendment.
They don't want to have crime. Little things like they don't want to have crime, and the Bloomberg Morning Consult Poll has us beating crooked Joe in every single swing state, by a lot, but with all of that, they cheat like hell. So we have to get out. We got to watch them. We're not going to allow them to rig the presidential election of 2020. We're not going to allow it. The Washington Post had a poll two weeks ago.
Instead of cuddling up to the killers in Iran, as Biden has done, it's horrible what he's done, we had them ready to make a deal. They had no money. They were ready to make a deal. I told China, if you buy their oil, you're not going to do business with the United States. I told the same thing to India. I told it to everybody.
How are you doing, I said. Because I have very good relationships -- believe it or not -- with the leaders of these countries. I said, "How are you doing?"" He said
[Audience chants "Trump! Trump! Trump!"] Right. Thank you. You know, it's really amazing. You know, when you think about it, you see this, just disruptors. Bad people. So bad for our country. So bad for our country. People have no idea what's going on. So, so bad. So bad. [Applause] Do we have a good time at Trump rallies?
You heard that, nuclear, he's starting to talk nuclear weapons today. I was waiting for that to happen, but we have a fool, a fool as a president. He said, "We will never leave until there is complete and total victory." And we might be there for a long time. Now we have a fool. I'll get that thing settled.
We're going to support the men and women of law enforcement. They're going through hell. [Applause]
No. The fake news media, the fake news is in the low teens now. And actually, I'm very proud of it because we have to let the public know. For years, nobody exposed them until I came along. Nobody exposed -- who ever talked about fake news, right? Look, they're even shaking their heads. You're right. Because a lot of them actually agree with us, but they can't write it. Their editors and the owners of those stupid owners that own that junk.
I got to do two of these things a day. You know why? Because I'm in New York all the time with the Biden trial, a fake trial that all of the legal scholars say is a disgrace. It's a fake trial. They do it to try and take your powers away, try and take your candidate away that's killing them in the polls.
We don't win with the military, we can't beat ISIS. We have great military but we can't beat ISIS. We don't win on trade. You look at what China's doing to us, what Japan does to us, what Mexico is just killing us at the border -- at the border and with trade.
Bert? You haven't heard this one, but you hear how quiet, it's almost like when I do the snake, it's very quiet. So you could hear a pin drop, but it's true. I said, one thing that's going to happen if I decide to leave the show, and they wanted me to extend, they were offering me three years. Anything I wanted, I said, no, I'm going to run for president.
People would say, "Don't even think about it." And I'm honored to have done it, too. And I'm honored to have done it. But we did fantastically well, and we made this USMCA deal. And most people said, "You'd never be able to get rid of NAFTA because, you know, these other countries have a lot of power. They have people representing them with a lot of power." And it's tough to change a bad trade deal.
And you want to be nice. You don't want to put it in their face. Just say, Look
Appreciate it. And thank you, everybody. We have so many people out there. We got to start talking about what the hell we can do about our country, right? Because we got a lot of problems. We had no problems. And now we have a lot of problems to think how low we've gone. I also will thank and before we -- because we can never forget these people, the outstanding volunteer supporters, including Belinda Kaiser, Diane Evans, and Jeff Nicky Hughes, who are former New York Democrats-turned-Trump supporters.
They're carpenters. They're electricians. They're accountants. They're lawyers. They're not like into it other than they like Trump, meaning they like our policies because it's not about me. This is not about me. I had a nice life. You can ask my friend. I had the greatest life. I could go to the most beautiful places, look at the most beautiful oceans in the world.
Or you can vote on Election Day, which is to -- just get out and vote. You got to go vote. We got to save it. We have a -- we call it a nation in decline. We're being nice when we say that. With your help, 12 days from now, we're going to win Arizona. We're going to defeat Kamala Harris. [Applause] And we're going to make America great again.
I'm sure their husbands are thrilled. [Audience member calls out "Yes they are"] Where you going? I'm going to- Well at least here, you're close, right? [Audience member calls out "1,000%"] And you mi- you don't mind right? [Audience member calls out "No"] We like him. We like him. Great women. Thank you very much.
[Audience chants "Nicholas" and "Fight"] That's incredible. And frankly, to do that, to be able to do that literally just a few days after this horrible event happened is pretty amazing, I'll tell you. We'll take care of it. We're going to take care of it. We're going to get that guy. We're going to get him.
[End Video] That was yesterday. That was all yesterday. So that took place yesterday. Every day, we could put up another treat. The whole thing is ridiculous. The whole thing. You know, until the plague came in from China, I didn't even have a race, and then it came in and we did a great job. We saved millions of lives, two million lives, 2.2 million, it was supposed to be, and this guy, you know, he -- don't ban it.
And we just opened with our great Labor Secretary, Department of Labor, Cooperative and Association healthcare. It's going to be -- many of the people in this room are going to be buying it. It's going to be low-cost phenomenal, much better than Obamacare. And we're doing more in another two weeks, different forms of healthcare, and Obamacare is now going up.
Not only will we end government corruption but we will end economic stagnation. So important. Our country is doing poorly. My plan for the economy can be summed up in three great, beautiful, powerful words -- jobs, jobs, jobs. They've been taken away from us. [Applause]
They are bad. But the reason they are bad isn't stupidity. It's in a way dishonesty, OK? It sort of called legal dishonesty. But in a way, it's dishonesty. And when they go up and they say to one of the people running like, Ted Cruz. He's got people -- you are gonna see some of the people that are giving him money.
I'd like to get them out, too. Maybe we'll work on that next. [Audience cheers]
Beautiful.
The furniture was garbage. I would have saved all your companies that nobody would have -- but I'm going to do it now because, you know, they still have -- they want our companies to move and get out. If we build a car and we send it to China, they won't accept it. If we send it to even Japan -- I mean they're friendly.
This guy cares. That's why I'm here. That's why I'm here. He voted to cut your taxes, reduce your regulations, protect your Medicare, protect your pre-existing conditions. Mike Bost defends Illinois farmers, Illinois miners, and Illinois steel workers. Mike, come on up.
Thank you. They'll grow up, they'll get older, and they'll understand that it's very important what we're doing. We speak from common sense. You know, we're really the party of common sense. People say, "Are you conservative?" "Yes. I'm conservative." We did a lot of conservative things, but we're really not a liberal conservative we're the party of common sense.
They couldn't care less for our country. They follow the dollar or they follow -- we better keep them following the dollar, by the way. We're going to keep them following the dollar. That'll be another thing because that's -- we're losing that fast. We are losing that fast, but we're going to bring it down.
I was watching CNN before, I typed out something that Kasich, without oil, would have been nothing in Ohio. And they go, boom. And they, all of a sudden, we have breaking news. I said this is the most unbelievable. You know, in the old days, in the old days, it would take me years to get the word out. Now, I just go -- so it's great stuff.
When somebody does a bad job in the Veterans Administration, they couldn't do anything about it. They were protected. You could do anything. They had sadists that treated our vets horribly, horribly -- worse than a movie. They had people that wouldn't work, you couldn't do anything.
Thank you, fellas. That's great. We also have the Eighth Expeditionary Air mobility squadron known as Mighty Ochos. Where are the Ochos? We don't want to fight with them. All of you are the tip of the spear. You're the finest we have anywhere in the world. You're the finest we have. You're the finest anyone has in the fight against the enemies of civilization.
And we allowed that to happen because we had people running that are grossly incompetent. And don't kid yourself. The biggest risk we have is the next five months. We have five months of danger to our country. We could end up in World War III because of this lunatic. We could end up in World War III, and I mean it. And one thing you'll never have with me, you'll never have a war.
You know they're vicious. [Audience Boos] They're vicious. Now what we have is we have much better policies like how about we want a strong border. They don't want to have a border. They want to have open borders, right? We don't want sanctuary cities, we don't want to protect criminals, we want jobs, we want low taxes.
All he has to do is come out and publicly admit that his anti-American energy policies were 100% wrong, and the pro-American energy policies of a certain president that you liked a lot, President Donald J. Trump, were 100% right. We're 100% right. 100%. They're going to be very famous. They're going to be very famous tonight.
They're going to run it. They're running it now, just in case you have any questions. But it means hundreds of more radical left judges waging a crusade against law-abiding gun owners. And four more years of Joe Biden means a nonstop war on gun makers, dealers, and sellers designed to put the entire industry right out of business.
After months of hiding from the press, Hillary Clinton has revealed her true thoughts -- that was her true thoughts. She revealed herself to be a person who looks down on the proud citizens of our country as subjects for her rule. She views it as her rule.
I see bacon is up six times, six times, bacon who would think, right? So, people aren't ordering bacon. Then they say, oh it came down a little bit. Yeah, they're not ordering it, which is not good for you either by the way, but they're not ordering it. But so many -- food products now are going up and through the roof.
And in doing the pictures, they sent up this great photographer who took these beautiful pictures. I wish I was so good-looking like these pictures. And they were smiling like that, beautiful. I looked so good my wife said you look so great in those pictures. And then there was one that was taken when I wasn't ready.
And we will always treat our teachers with the tremendous respect that they deserve. Great people. Great, great people. Joe Biden claims he has empathy for the vulnerable, yet the party he leads supports the extreme late-term abortion of defenseless babies, right up until the moment of birth. Democrat leaders talk about moral decency, but they have no problem with stopping a baby's beating heart in the ninth month of pregnancy.
It's been a brilliant term, but it's not strong enough. These are corrupt people. They don't want to even report. I mean, you have Biden got $10.2 million. You don't even read it in a newspaper. You don't see it on the news. They don't want to talk about it. These people are corrupt. From the first day in office, I will appoint a special prosecutor to study each and every one of the many claims being brought forth by Congress concerning all of the crooked acts, including bribes from China and many other foreign countries that go into the coffers and go straight into the coffers of the Biden crime family.
And I understand from the admirals that this has been a very special class. You've been trained here to handle the toughest of situations, the hardest of moments really that you can experience, and the hardest in people's lives, and to help the weak in their hour of need. But even for the Coast Guard, this class has been exceptionally dedicated to public service.
And you know, I won in New Hampshire and the people in New Hampshire which I love, because they gave me that first great victory. And I love those people and they have a huge heroin problem up there. You wouldn't think of it. You know, you see these beautiful fields and you see the beautiful trees and roadways.
They gave me this too. You have found some big stuff, by the way, some big fraud. As he said, this one's not even explainable. We're talking about billions of dollars. So great job, Lee. Really, it's sad, but it's a great job you've done in a very short period of time. But I think Marco or Scott or Howard, wherever Howard may be. We want to congratulate him.
Gavin Newscum, the governor of California, just passed a bill. He signed a bill that you're not even allowed to ask anybody whether or not they have voter ID. Not only can't you use it, you can't even ask. I think it's a crime or something. I could ask the secretary of State. No, I think it's a crime.
Who would even think of that? We don't want to verify a signature. There were over 205,000 more ballots counted in Pennsylvania. Think of this, you had 205,000 more ballots than you had voters. That means you had two -- Where did they come from? You know where they came from? Somebody's imagination, whatever they needed.
But we are going to do something that's - so we are going to do something that's - so we are going to do something that's so special because you know it was just special because you know it was just special because you know it was just mentioned that you Said movement, what do mentioned that you said movement, what do mentioned that you said movement, what do you think you think this is a movement you think you think this is a movement you think you think this is a movement, this is a movie.
This is the kind of persecution that they're doing as an example in New York. And they're doing it all over that you would see in a third-world nation. This isn't for us. It's reminiscent of a communist dictatorship targeting your political opponents for -- really it is -- it is, think of it, prosecution.
Under Kamala Harris and crooked Joe Biden, the American dream is dead. You don't hear about the American dream anymore. It's dead. Her radical liberal policies have caused horrific inflation, decimated the middle class, and gutted the finances of millions and millions of American families. Real incomes are down by over $2,000 a year per family.
Have you heard of him? Barack Hussein Obama. [Audience boos] Remember Rush? Rush Limbaugh, "Barack Hussein Obama." He was nasty to me. You know, he was nasty. Michelle was nasty. They're all nasty, nasty people. [Audience boos] They were very nasty. I was surprised. And I was sort of nice to him. I said, you know, "No, I like him." Good.
She has no clue how she paid for $25,000 to every first-time homebuyer, including illegals, just like they were going to pay the bills of college students. Unfortunately, that didn't happen and won't happen. They gave up that -- Supreme Court gave it up because it was unfair to all of those people. One of the reasons, all of the people for years and years that paid back their loans.
That's why he was Abraham Lincoln. I guess. Our original Constitution did not even have an income tax. Instead it had tariffs, emphasizing taxation of foreign, not domestic, production. Yet today, 240 years after the revolution, we've turned things completely upside down. We tax and regulate and restrict our companies to death, and then we allow foreign countries that cheat to export their goods to us tax-free.
We have no choice. We cannot and never will back down. We will never, ever give up. We cannot fail. And if we remember what unites us, then I promise you we will not fail. We cannot fail. We will make America strong again. We will make America wealthy again.
And we can't allow this to happen. So, the illegal border crossers are going to be sent straight back home, those bad ones especially, and they're going to go fast. You know, when we were doing this two and a half years ago, we sent thousands of, you could call it MS-13, you could call it some of the gangs, the gang from hell.
And you couldn't fire them because of civil service. Anyway, we got a law passed, we got it passed in Congress, you think that was easy? They'd been trying to get those two things. That and the healthcare. They tried to get it done for a period of 52 years, one, and 59 years the other. And I got them both done and we fired 9,000 very bad people.
They're going to take over Iraq and they're gonna take over the oil was now we lost thousands of soldiers with tens of thousands of soldiers and I see it in New York. No arms. No legs. I mean seriously wounded and horribly wounded people Brave great people and these are tens of thousands. So here we have fifteen trillion dollars worth of oil that we're going to hand over hand over to Iran.
His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with a dew. "Poor things," she cried, "I'll take you in and I'll take care of you." "Take me in O, tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in O tender woman," sighed the vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk.
It holds about 88 people if it's -- if it's tight. And we said -- I said, if I do this again, I'm going to get a ballroom built and we're putting up our own money. The government is paying for nothing. You probably hear the beautiful sound of construction to the back. You hear that sound? Oh, that's music to my ears.
While foreign nations are in a free fall, and they are unfortunately, I feel badly for them, but they are. We are creating the world's greatest economic powerhouse, we are going to be more powerful than ever before. We had a stop, we had a close, we had -- we saved two million lives, remember that? You know, they don't want to ever talk about that, the model was 2.2 million, that's what they said.
John, generally. But he has bad moments. Hello John, you having a good time? He's a good guy. John is good. John is good. They're not all fake. Just about 85% of them. But isn't it amazing? You know, someday I'd like to make a speech without any press. Without any press. One little mistake and they try and take you out.
We cannot allow the world's leading sponsor of terrorism to possess the planet's most dangerous weapons. We cannot allow a regime that chants "Death to America," and that threatens Israel with annihilation, to possess the means to deliver a nuclear warhead to any city on Earth. Just can't do it.
You don't have to worry about it. They do it out of love. So, we're going to work on a good tax credit for them. We're going to get it done, too. So, I will terminate the Green New Scam, and I will cut your energy prices in half. Within 12 months, your energy prices will be in exactly half, 50 percent, 50 percent, 5-0.
We used to build the Second World War. We built a ship a day, freighters and things, but a ship a day. And today, it's not -- it's crazy. We're going to get it back to a position where we can do things like that. This is how we will bring back our auto parts and bring back our manufacturing and unlock the destiny of the great state of Michigan.
I'm in the real estate business. All the time I get these listings. You know, a base, a naval base, an army base, a marine base. They're always for sale! I say how many bases can they sell? I mean, they're selling the bases.
That was classified information, wasn't it? But the weapons stockpiles to Ukraine until the FBI, DOJ, and IRS hand over every scrap of evidence they have on the Biden crime family's corrupt business dealings. We have to know, and the public deserves to know. In addition, Congress should immediately vote to block Joe Biden's recent call-up of reserve forces.
So Hillary is a dis -- she doesn't know anything about jobs. She doesn't know anything about jobs. She thinks the V.A. is doing good. Did you see her statement a couple of months ago? "The Veterans Administration is doing a good job." If she thinks they're doing a good job, then I've been wasting a lot of time because I know the vets and they are miserable with what's happening.
I mean our country is like a Third World country. You go over to Qatar and you go over to some of these places in the middle east, you go to China, you see the airports, you see the bridges. They have bridges that are so incredible, you've never seen anything like it. They have railroad trains that go 350 miles an hour, and we have things that go chug, chug, chug like from 100 years ago.
Thank you. Thank you. [Applause, Crowd chants USA] Thank you, everybody. Thank you. And if you think this crowd is big, you should see right now what's outside. Congratulations. [Applause]
That's where it goes. And we will use that money to invest in environmental infrastructure in the United States of America, if you don't mind, right? And we will rebuild our inner cities. And the African-American community and the Hispanic community will love what's going to happen because the inner cities, in so many cases, are like living in hell.
In Arizona, Intel announced it will open a new plant that will create 10,000 American jobs. They are spending billions of dollars. [Applause]
And if we do these things, and if we care for and support each other, and love each other, then we will truly make America great again.
We're not doing it one way or the other. We're doing it and I ended it. They said, sir, we can amend it. I said I don't want to amend it, I want to end it. It was a horror show and this loser, Cory Booker, is the guy that's going to be in charge of the program. The guy's a stone-cold loser, 1%, he got 1%, he ran.
Now it is we who are thinking of Jack, and all those brave souls who fought along side of him, with that incredible form of attack, and especially those who found their final resting place beneath the waters where they waged that greatest of battles. They lost their lives in the fires of war, but gained immortality through their sacrifice. And now, 75 years later, we hope that we are worthy of their deeds in the beautiful, beautiful Coral Sea.
For nearly 250 years, in the face of every challenge, Americans have always summoned our unmatched courage, confidence, and fierce independence. These are the miraculous traits that once led millions of everyday citizens to set out across a wild continent and carve out a new life in the great West. It was the same profound love of our God-given freedom that willed our soldiers into battle and our astronauts into space.
But you know, you look at it, and you look at the thinking that we have, and the thinking that we have going on in the country. And what's happening and we have to run this country with heart, with tremendous heart, with tremendous heart. We're going to repeal Obamacare and replace it with something much better, much better.
And many other problems. They did everything you could do. The real insurrection took place on Election Day, November 3rd. Never forget, the reason the Democrats and their media allies conduct all of these hoaxes and witch hunts is not because they think the American people are with them. It's because they know that the American people are actually against them.
I wish our leaders were doing to them what they're doing to us. I'd be so happy with our leaders. I wouldn't even be doing this. So, we're going to straighten out trade. Let me tell you, I know you've seen this story, about a week ago, Carrier air conditioners... I buy Carrier, the good company. Now I'm going to a different brand, probably Trane.
We are a nation where fentanyl and all other forms of illegal drugs are easier to get than groceries to feed our beautiful families. We have become a drug infested, crime-ridden nation, which is incapable of solving the simplest of problems. We will institute the powerful death penalty for drug dealers where each dealer is responsible for the death, during their lives, of 500 people or more.
We're a debtor nation. We're poor. I'm gonna make America rich again. My enemy -- hey, our enemies are unbelievable. They love what's happening to our country. They love it. Our energy proposals will unlock the $50 trillion in energy reserves right here in America under our feet. This means new jobs in Florida and many, many other communities.
But when the Afghanistan thing happened, that was the end. That was the biggest embarrassment in the history of our country. Think of it: 13 dead, many wounded, $85 billion of the finest military equipment in the world left behind. [Audience boos]
Uh, we're not tied anywhere. I asked some people that traveled with Obama, I said was it the same thing? They say, not even a tiny fraction of what you have, it's not even a fraction. We have more enthusiasm. We have more spirit than any campaign that anybody's ever seen. It's true. And that includes 2016, where the -- the enthusiasm, obviously, was great.
Obamacare will be over, we're going to have a much better [Applause] we're going to have something that's so tremendous, you know, remember the great lie, 27 times a lie. Remember that? your doctor, over and over you'll have your doctor. You have your plan. How about the premiums on Obamacare they're going up 45 and 50% and it doesn't even kick in really till 16 when you have a new president and Obama is going to be out on one of my golf courses playing golf.
OK? He'll be a great governor. He loves your state, he'll be a great governor. Tom is going to be a great, great senator for another six years. We need them both and I hope you going to do well Dan. I know you're really getting up there. It's getting very close. I'll be honest, if this governor that you have, I know him, you know we had to take our convention away, he said you're allowed to have 10 people in the arena, 10. Because it said one room 10, you're not supposed to have political rallies.
Germany likes Obama better than Trump, a lot better. I said, of course, because I'm making them pay their bills. I'm saying you got to pay. I say Angela, Angela. You got to pay, Angela. Obama would go and make a speech leave. I go and make a speech. I say let me speak to Angela. Angela, you got to pay your bills.
America is a peace-loving nation. We do not seek conflict. But if conflict is forced upon us, we will defend ourselves. And if we must, we will fight and we will do nothing but win.  As the great General MacArthur once said, "In war there is no substitute for victory." Victory.
The southern border, we had a southern border, was the best ever. It's wide open now. Millions and millions of illegal aliens are pouring into our country. Violent crime is out of control, and the far left is indoctrinating our children with twisted race and gender insanity in our schools like we've never even thought of before.
If we don't win this election, we are in such trouble as a country. We're in trouble right now, but you have the right guy to straighten it out. I'll get it straightened out. I'll get it straightened out fast. [Applause] We're going to have peace through strength all over the world like we had just a short while ago.
It doesn't happen. So Scully got hacked. And now on Thursday, I go up another real great one. Another great one. Kristen Welker. She's a radical Democrat. Look at them, they're getting angry. She's a radical Democrat. She deleted her entire account. Everything is deleted, but I've known her. She's been screaming questions at me for a long time, and she's no good.
They want to -- they really want it and they're putting up, you know, billions of dollars and they're going to do this plant and other plants. And it's great and you're going to have control, you're going to maintain control and nobody would put up money like that. And every time, Dave, I think you'll say every time they came in, the deal got better and better and better for the workers because I didn't give a damn about anybody else.
Take a little -- you know Lyndon Johnson was sort of a tough guy. Can you imagine his phone calls? He's probably looking down or looking up and he's probably -- and he's probably saying these people have gone crazy. That's the nicest call I've ever -- in fact, somebody said I never knew you could be so nice on a telephone call.
Now, today, and over the last short period, they say, "We will now discuss the hostages." Why didn't we get them back? Why didn't we say before we start three years ago, "Before we start, we want our hostages back?" And they will say no, and we will say, "Bye, bye. See you. Double up the sanctions." They'll call you -- they'll call you within 24 hours. "Yes, we will give you the hostages back." We are led by people that are so weak and so ineffective.
It doesn't matter. So why watch Marco? And he's up and he's saying different things about parental, parental, parental. Everything's about parental. More important is my children, more -- you know all the things that you would expect to hear. His children are more important. Everything is more important.
You should be successful. Good luck. Your local officials should be fighting and figuring out how to stop the crime and killing rather than going after Republicans. Democrats -- and you know what's going on, it's terrible, all over our country. Democrats have weaponized the criminal justice system against their political opponents.
OK. Where was this guy?
I almost used the F word. It would have been more effective if I did, but it is a horrible word, so I didn't do it. Remember I didn't do it. It would have been so much more effective if I used the word, maybe later on. But with Milley and with all these people, they flee. I said, why wouldn't you have brought in 200 pilots?
This nation belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage, and your American liberty is your God-given right. You're not allowed to use the word God anymore. Did you see that one? They don't want you to use the name. They don't want you to say God anymore. From Sioux City to Iowa City, from Fort Dodge to Cedar Rapids, and from Des Moines to Davenport, we stand on the shoulders of generations of Iowa patriots who gave everything they had for our country and for our freedom.
Quick trial." You know what a quick trial is? They take the person, they try the person, and if they're a drug dealer, if they're selling drugs, unfortunately, they have the death penalty. And I don't think this country's ready for it. But they have no drug problem whatsoever. The big drug problem they have is they make drugs and send them into our country, like fentanyl.
Great victories in this room. [Applause]
You know that. You turn of the news, "COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID, COVID." And, uh, you know, cases are up. Why are cases up? Because we test more than anybody in history. I mean, we test -- We have tests on top of tests. We'd like another test. We got 19 different [Inaudible]. And we test much more than India.
So today, I guess WikiLeaks, it sounds like, is going to be dropping some more, and if we met tomorrow, I'll tell you about it tomorrow, but one beauty that's been caught was, and this was just recently, newly released, where they say having a dump. We're having a dump of all of those e-mails.
If I'm not president. The Trans-Pacific Partnership renegotiate NAFTA. We have to. And we are going to stand up to China on its currency manipulation and I've done so much business with China. We're going to be fine with China. Problem with China. They have no respect for our country. They have no respect for our president.
So, I had calls from the biggest people in Wall Street, "Where did you come up with these ideas? The no tax on tips who gave that to you." Actually, it was a waitress at Trump Hotel in Las Vegas. I didn't -- I didn't pay a consultant $5 million to come up with the idea. A waitress said, "It's terrible the way they're treating us with tips."
While it's very early in the administration, I think everyone has noticed. Right? We have noticed. The people are noticing like they've never noticed before. We're already making historic progress. Last month, unemployment fell to its lowest point in 16 years. Right now... [Applause] Thank you.
Oh, they went after us. They'll send everything into New York. They'll give it a shot. Now 18. They've already done that. In fact it's photocopies they use they use photocopies of the same stuff I beat in Washington. If anyone should be losing their jobs, their law licenses and being investigated for crimes, it's not Rudy Giuliani, it's Adam Schiff.
And I watched your speech. It was excellent. Jeff was horrified by crazy Nancy Pelosi's impeachment witch hunt. He was actually -- he couldn't believe it, what they were doing, which was all about covering up the corruption of crooked Joe. You take a look. They want to impeach him. And I'm actually saying, "Look, you know, we got a majority of one.
So, it's not like other things. But we're looking at everything. We have the largest deregulation campaign in history and we -- again, I did more than anybody, but this blows it away. And for one in -- every time we put in a new regulation; we're not allowed to put it in unless we terminate 10 old regulations.
I hear great things about Texas. You know, they're saying Texas may be even. Well, then you think, Sleepy Joe Biden's against guns. That's not good for Texas, right? [Audience boos] He's against oil. [Audience boos] Oil isn't good. If you're against oil, I don't think you're good -- That's not good politics, right, Texas?
This is our homeland that we love and we cherish. Our country is full. We can't take it anymore. They are trying to destroy our country. We can't let that happen. In addition to illegal immigration, Biden has blown out the refugee cap by 800% plus. Think of that. We had a cap on the number of people that could come into our country.
I don't know if you saw this, but Tucker Carlson interviewed me a few weeks ago, and we had 270 million people watching, and that was on Twitter. I say it, commonly known as X. What's that all about? What's that all about? But it was on Twitter and other platforms, but it was on there. By the way, the greatest platform is Truth.
And again, I have the largest bank in the world as my tenant from China and they just renewed their lease. I said, are you sure you want to renew your lease on my building? Oh, we love you Mr. Trump. They love me because they're smart. They know I'm telling the truth. They actually just renew their lease for 10 years and -- but the largest in the world, so large they consider Citibank a small subsidiary.
I understand. Thank you, darling. Thank you very much. I understand what you're going through. So recently, before the previous debate, you know, the one I missed I'm very happy with because I raised $6 million, Al knows, for the vets. So I'm very happy with that. I don't know good or bad for me but I raised $6 million for the vets but recently, I was asked about are we angry?
Last year, approximately 70,000 people claimed this status statewide. This year, the number miraculously was nearly 250,000 voters after election officials in Milwaukee and Dane Counties, a couple of the most corrupt political places in our country, urged citizens to improperly register under this status, and register they did in levels that don't exist.
Instead of doubling the number of IRS agents, we should double the number of ICE and Border Patrol agents. Those are great people, Border Patrol, ICE. And they don't get the kind of respect and neither does law enforcement. We have to give law enforcement back what they do. They do it better than anybody else.
I love speeches on success. I mean, to me, they're they're great and sometimes -- but I think that might be the first time I've ever done it on the political scene. And a couple of the older guys sitting in front, they've already made their millions. They're so rich. I don't know, right? You with the red -- stand up, stand up. With a red cap.
But these are stupid people that are leading us. These are people that don't know what's happening, and these are people that have put us in the most dangerous position in the history of the world right now because of the power of weaponry. We will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the communists, the Marxists, the fascists.
That is why our new goal must be to defeat Islamic terrorism, not nation-building.
To those suffering I say: what do you have to lose by trying something new?
We're ending gaping trade deficits, unfair trade barriers to market access, insecure supply chains, weak, pathetic supply chains, and much, much more. We had such bad supply chains under the last administration. It was embarrassing. And we're entering a new era of trade that truly works for both sides. For, got to work for everybody.
But -- but we're doing so well. Nationwide, we're leading every poll by tremendous. We just had one in Georgia, 44, 44. That's -- figure that, that's 44 with 15 people. I'd take 44 if we had 3 people. I don't think I'd take it if we had two people but I think I'd take care of it. But 44? A CBS came out, as you know, you probably saw that New York Times two days ago.
They want them to vote. They want them to vote, folks. That's what they want. That's a big deal, so that people like Todd Young will never see the Senate again. That's not going to happen. That's not going to happen, I have a feeling. There's only one way to stop this Democrat-led assault on America's sovereignty.
And we've got our eye on his third. And I vowed to pour out all of my heart and soul to fight for your families and for your future. That was after -- it's true. I was reading that list, that horrible list. It was 10 points. And everyone was the worst, the worst, the worst, the worst, the worst for African-American, and every single one was the worst.
She didn't do anything. She didn't do anything. It got worse. Far worse.
It was unbelievable. Everybody was crying in the audience. We had, whatever, maybe 18,000 or 20,000 people in this incredible arena, and everybody was crying. He was even a little bit crying. He didn't -- hasn't cried in a long time, but I didn't know that. It was a reunion. I was told that -- when I was going there, they said, "You know, it's a big deal because Bobby hasn't been back in years because his, you know, his feelings were hurt." And he went back, and he said, "This guy is the guy." And he gave a pep talk.
Her father was responsible for invading the Middle East, killing millions of Arabs, millions. And this is the one that Kamala is campaigning with. And I know Cheney very well. She lost by the biggest margin in the history of the United States Congress, lost by almost 40 points. Nobody's ever -- no sitting congressperson has ever lost by even close to that amount.
But you don't say, we're going to do this or we're going to do that and don't do -- and then they do it and then you don't follow up. And by the way, I don't want them to follow up but you should have never made the statement. So we are in very, very serious trouble. And I just ask you what positive thing has happened to this country in the last 10 years, and that includes Bush.
We can't build roads in our own cities. I've been to China numerous times, and I see bridges going up and I see airports going up like you wouldn't believe. When was the last time you saw a major bridge being built in the United States? It doesn't happen. First of all, you can't get the environmental approvals.
[Applause] I am honored to have the endorsement of more than 200 top admirals and generals, and 22 Medal of Honor recipients -- it's a great group. Nobody has like we have whether it's law enforcement, the military, the veterans, and we are going to take care of our veterans, folks. [Applause] Our new foreign policy will put America first. Hillary brought disaster to Iraq -- just total disaster to Iraq, Syria, Libya.
So, the headline was "Hailey -- and she is surging against him." But you had to read three paragraphs down. It said, "While President Trump is at 74." So, she was at 11, he was at 10, and I was at 74. And the headline is Nikki -- and I went up seven, and she went up three. And the headline was "Haley's surging." But that's the fake news media.
You really do. But you have -- they're just overwhelmed by the people that know they're doing so wrong. I watch ABC, CBS, NBC. I mean, it's so -- I don't even talk about CNN because nobody watches them anymore. MSDNC is horrible but fortunately not a lot of people are watching them anymore. They've tuned out, but the press has to straighten itself out.
They can be on the court for 40 to 50 years. You pick them young. They could be on there for 40 to 50 years. This is going to be the most consequential presidency. This is going to be the most important, and I never thought I'd say it because of what happened four years ago, this is going to be the most important election of your life.
So you can't do that. If you have women tied up with tape over their mouths, you can't take them through a port of entry. And a lot of these people say, "Oh they come through the port, they don't come through the port. They come through areas where you don't have the wall. Fifteen miles up and make a left.
And is that, Ric Grenell? I better check with Gordon, and I better check this audience a little more closely. I'm going to miss a lot of people in here. Great. Two real patriots. They really are two great people. Thank you very much. But they're second largest to us. They're the second largest arms dealer in the world.
Thank you all very much. Get out [Technical difficulty] caucus and have a good time. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
They could carry any load. If we went to this standard, we'd go back beyond 50 years, they wouldn't go as far as a truck from 50 years ago, it would be too heavy and have all the other problems. He said, we'd be going backwards. We'd be taking -- the trucking industry would be starting all over, but actually it would be worse because it was better 50 years ago than.
But people will come in and they going to come in. [Audience chants "Build that wall"] And we're going to win with trade. We're going to make great trade deals and we'll not going to let our businesses be ripped out of our state and ripped out of this country anymore. We're going to stop [inaudible]. [Audience cheering] And they'll not going to leave, folks. And we're going to make America great again. [Inaudible]
The other people, they'll take all the subsidy you can get them. They didn't want it. These guys were amazing. This was in the middle of this problem we had with China. I had to turn it off with China, but they said, "We don't want subsidies, sir. We want a level playing field because nobody can beat us with a level playing field." I got them much more than a level playing field.
We'll take care of it after the election. Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialist, but that gives you another reason to go out and vote. We've got to get in because we know they'll just sweep it under the rug. Joe Biden and the Democrats Socialists will kill your jobs; dismantle your police departments; dissolve your borders, you know that; release criminal aliens; confiscate your guns, no more Second Amendment, get used to it; destroy your suburbs, and; drive God from the public square. [Audience Boos] That's what's going to happen. [Audience Boos] You saw in the Pledge of Allegiance during the Democrat National Convention, they took the word God out twice. [Audience Boos] They said, oh, we made a mistake, excuse me.
Thank you. I love you too. Thank you. That's the guy, but I love him, all right. Wherever the hell you are, I love you. And tonight I'm pleased to announce that my administration will be allocating $448 million in HUD disaster recovery funds for the great people of Florida. These dollars will help communities get back on their feet.
That's why that wall is going to get built and that wall is going to be so powerful. It's going to be so powerful. And don't kid yourself. The wall -- you know ask Israel, do walls work? They work. Just ask Israel. [Audience chants "Build the wall"] Have no choice. Have no choice. Folks, we have no choice.
Chrysler is coming back. There are so many companies are coming back. That's why we do need jobs. That's why we do have to get them in there.
Let's build windmills all over the place. Let's litter the landscape. Let's have littered the lands -- You know, when you build the windmi -- I'm not against wind, it should be in industrial areas, maybe. But it's very expensive. Very expensive. And, if you want to see a lot of dead birds, all you have to do is go to the bottom of a windmill.
But what would you -- you know, the teleprompter just went out. And you know what I say? Usually, I don't talk about it, just keep going, just keep going. You saw I just said -- so, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for being here. It's wonderful. I love you very much. Go out and vote. That's true.
But Bobby Knight calls me up before I'm going to run he said, you should run. I said coach give me a number if I do, I'm going to call you. And I said to put it at the bottom of my desk. I had a pile of papers a mile high and a friend came in and he goes to. We won New York. We won Pennsylvania. We won Connecticut.
Could have made it larger. This is some great space. And we also have, by the way, the legendary Phil Ruffin of Las Vegas. Where is Phil? Where is he? I get him over here. OK. He employs thousands of people and he's a great guy. Hillary has pledged open borders and supports sanctuary cities. [Audience Boos] Countless Americans are killed by illegal immigrants because our government refuses to do its job.
Our country will never be a socialist nation. We will never become a socialist nation. Normal life will fully resume. That's all we want, is normal life, seven months ago, righT? We had the greatest economy in the history of our country, everybody was doing well, best numbers we've ever had, and next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country.
But between that Omar, Ilhan Omar, she's a real, she's a real winner. Ilhan Omar, who, uh, obviously, hates our country, she likes to tell us how to run our country. How the hell she gets elected anyway is hard to believe. But she's in, she's in Minnesota. And the other thing is, you know, we stopped -- I said you gotta let the National Guard in.
Can you imagine if we ever let the radical Democrats take over negotiations with China? It wouldn't be too good. Let's get Hunter to do it, right? Let's get Hunter. come on Hunter. Come on Hunter. Let's see how you do Hunter. China would love it more than anything else. They'd love to be dealing with a different President.
And then, they say women in the suburbs don't like President Trump. I don't think so. That happened last time, remember? That happened last -- remember, last time? They said he will not do well with women, he will not do well with women, he will not do well with women. These were the idiots on election night four years ago.
And we're not going to let them destroy the United States of America. They've gone far enough. As we secure our borders and rebuild our economy. We are also going to make America healthy again. The Kamala health care plan will make our kids sicker and their diets more toxic. Under the Trump administration, we will get the toxic chemicals out of our food supply, and we will make our children healthy again.
From Houston to Austin, from Dallas to El Paso -- from the Red River to the Rio Grande, the Lone Star State embodies the spirit of independence like maybe no other place anywhere in the world. And you have always embraced the cause of American Freedom like no one else. This is the state where William Travis, James Bowie, and Davy Crockett made their last stand at the Alamo.
And I'll tell you, does anybody want to hear the snake? [Audience replies "Yeah"]
If she ever got into the Oval Office, Hillary and her special interests would rob our country blind. [Audience Boos] My contract with the American voter begins with a plan to end government corruption. I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear the words we are all about to say. When we win on November 8th we are going to drain the swamp.
Thank you very much, John, for being here. Thank you, John. Cynthia Lummis, fantastic woman who believes like I do and she believes like I do in these people, right? She believes in them maybe even more than I do. That's pretty good, from day one. Thank you, Cynthia. You're doing a fantastic job. Kevin Cramer, my friend.
Under my leadership, we are quickly going to turn this economic nightmare into an economic miracle. We're going to turn it around very fast. You know why? For a lot of reasons, but you know why? Because we have a thing called liquid gold, and we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation in the world, including Saudi Arabia and Russia.
We will support the truly great men and women of law enforcement. [Applause]
And, you know, New Hampshire, in particular, you have a drug problem that's unbelievable because I go to different states, and some have, and many have it, but I don't think there's anyone that has more severe drug problems than New Hampshire. So, we have to get your governor to get a little bit more active on that because that's a bad thing.
It's our final battle. With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state. We will expel the warmongers from our government, and we will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the communists, Marxists, and fascists. We will throw off the sick political class that hates our country. We will rout the fake news media.
I mean, look. We shouldn't have been there, but we were doing OK toward the end, and then we took everybody out. But instead, if you would have said, No
They're good at sticking together. You rarely see them break up. They stick like glue. They stick. That's the only thing they're good at: delay and resist. Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens. If you want security, if you want a strong border, if you want to have a country that is a great, great, safe country, then you need to go out and you need to vote Republican.
Prisoners never really had a shot. They'd get out. They couldn't get a job no matter what they did, and they'd go back to their ways. They had no -- I mean, in many cases, I guess they had no choice. It was a disaster. Now they're getting out, and because our economy is so good and because of what we've done with criminal justice reform and other things like opportunity zones, etc., they're getting jobs.
And I went through a list of 12 things. This was long time ago, 2015 when I was running, even before. And I was with a group, and I wasn't doing particularly well with them. And I I'm going through this whole list of things. I mean, "You're last in ownership, you're last in cash, having money in the bank, last in all these different categories."
We've got the Federal Bureau of Investigation that won't allow bad election changing facts to be presented to the public and which offers $1 million to a writer of fiction about Donald Trump to lie and say it was actually fact. Where Hunter Biden's laptop from hell was rushing this disinformation and the FBI knew it wasn't, but 51 intelligence agents said it was.
I always be very careful, like the wonderful state of Michigan supposedly went. So he's in Florida and he goes, it's great to be with the people of Iowa. Iowa, the palm trees, the palm trees are all over. Iowa's not known for palm. I mean, he got Idaho and Iowa mixed up and that you can sort of understand.
We had an American Dream. You don't hear about that with this guy. This guy walks up yesterday, looks like he's going to fall over standing in front of some people. Looks like he's going to fall over. This is not a leader. The whole world is laughing at us. They respected your leader. Whether you like your leader or not, they respected your leader.
No. [Audience member calls out "Hell no. Let Joe live there."] Though everybody -- He says, "Let Joe live there." Who said that? No, huh. You did. Very good, I think that's -- every once in awhile you hear these like, pearl of wisdom from the audience. He goes, "Let Joe live there." You know, Joe lives pretty well for a guy that has been a uh, politician all his life.
You're going to dream big, and we're going to do some incredible things because this will be America's new golden age. It's going to be a golden age of America. We're going to get the stupid people out of here as quickly as possible. What they've done -- every problem facing us can be solved. But now, the fate of our nation is in your hands.
It's not even her agenda, it's other people. You know that. It's other people. You know it. So, get everyone you know and vote. We want a landslide that's too big to rig. OK? Too big to rig. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. That's the day we're going to save our country.
Oh, I look forward -- I don't know, I don't know I keep away. I look forward to Bill Durham's report, that's the one I look forward to. And this report was great, by the IG, especially since he was appointed by President Barack Hussein Obama. Considering that fact, it was great because we learned a lot of things that nobody would have found out very easily, although I suspect we would have.
And you watch what happens to Angela Merkel, who I always thought of as a very good leader, until she did this. I don't know what went wrong with her. I don't know what went wrong. Angela, what happened? What happened Angela? [Laughter] And you take a look at what's going on in Germany, the real facts, OK.
Don't worry, get him out. They're quiet, they don't have much of a voice. And then I have to listen to this lightweight, say, I'm a con man. I can't -- nobody's ever called me a con man before. That's a horrible thing. Then when I hit him back, they say, Donald Trump was very rough. That was not good. But let me tell you, did I kill him in the debate the other night?
But rather, it will become the most beautiful capital anywhere in the world. We're going to fix it, renovate it, and make it free of crime. On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity, and other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content onto the lives of our children.
Because this will be the beginning. This is a movement like has never been seen before. You're going to look back at the election and you're going to remember November 8th because your country is going to be a country that starts winning again. We don't win anymore. When was the last time we don't win against ISIS.
Obama, I don't think President Obama even tried, but they couldn't get it done. And people came to my office, they came to a very special office called the Oval Office and they said, we'd love to have your support. We had tremendous conservative report. We just had support from the Conservatives that was great, but also from the Liberals.
I got calls from the three of them the next day. "Sir, is there a problem?" Yeah, the problem is you don't take, they would put airplanes on the runway, so you couldn't land the planes with the people that we brought, prisoners that we brought back. We didn't want them in our country. They would stop the road so you couldn't get the buses of people in. We'd come back.
Hillary Clinton-backed policies are responsible for the problems in the inner cities today, and a vote for her is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime and lost opportunities.
But I will also keep focused on the ultimate goal. We will not seek endless conflict and hostility; we won't get trapped in the failed approaches of the past. A future where America can find common ground with countries like Russia and China is a better future for our children.
And the truckers saw me and I said, did you just explain this because this is like, if you explain it, if a person's reasonable for that -- they said, we explained it, they didn't care. They said, we're going all electric. They can't be stupid because anybody that can cheat on elections like them is not a stupid person, but they must hate our country.
You really are, you're the backbone of America. This is an amazing group of people. You know, I'm going to another very nice spot in Ohio where we do have a rally, but I can't imagine you have many more people than we have here, but they will, about 10 times more. Now, this is for us and our friends and workers.
We have no choice. [Applause] And we will keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. [Applause] A Trump administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And as I said, and as you know, we're not playing games, yes, we will build the wall.
But once Bill was out of office the small time Clinton business -- or, more accurately, their crime enterprise -- grew with the roles reversed. Bill, now an ex-President collected the money for the Clinton Foundation and Hillary Clinton had the public offices to sell; Senator, Secretary of State and for all that time a potential President. They turned this into an exponentially larger business.
You know why? Because our people want to see people that respect our country, respect our anthem, and respect our flag. And, football's way down, but you know, they're down for that reason, but they're also down because people would rather watch this stuff than watch football, because this is much tougher.
At the core of my contract is my plan to bring jobs back to our country and to Iowa. We're going to bring our jobs back. Our economy's growth is anemic the worst since the Great Depression, you don't hear that. My jobs plan begins with a proposal to lower taxes on American business from 35% to 15% and that's a massive tax cut for the family farms and the folks in Iowa that work so hard and end up with very little left after taxes. And we're going to further protect our family farmers. We're going to protect them like they have never been protected before, I mean honestly, or I would have one big enemy in Terry, that I can tell you.
He's been very, very bad to you. The great silent majority is rising like never before. And under our leadership, the forgotten men and women will be forgotten no longer. They will be forgotten no longer. They weren't forgotten during that four year period. It was a glorious period for our nation. Again, the best job numbers from every single group, women, men, people with beautiful, beautiful diplomas from MIT, Harvard, from the Wharton School of Finance, the greatest people with no diploma from high school.
Thank you very much. What a nice group. Ah, you're much happier. I was here three years ago; you're much happier now. And you're much wealthier, and you're providing a lot more energy than you used to, that's for sure. Right? Thank you. You know, Harold is a very successful man.
They couldn't get it done. Not that easy, because the medicals didn't want it; the doctors didn't want it; the country didn't want it. Our country -- because they say, "Well, if something happens and a person is terminally ill, then they die, then we'll get sued if we do something." I said, "That's okay.
We take it out there and think of it. If you believe in this like a lot of people do, and I'm okay with it, those fumes are leaving the United States because the only refinery that could do that oil, the tar, it's not even oil. The only refinery that can do it happens to be in Houston, and it's not a pretty sight, I'll tell you what.
You don't start it. You don't even think of it. I tell that story all the time because it's amazing. You go in, right? They have our prisoners. They actually had three, then they had four, and by the way, it's going to set a wave of kidnapping like you've never seen before. You watch. People see that deal and putting that deal together with the other, it's going to set a wave.
But she said that she still believes the 2020 election was stolen. She didn't say, oh, well, I'd like not to get involved. Of course, it was a wonderful election. It was a rigged and stolen election. She didn't wait and sit around and say, well, let me give you maybe a different answer that I've been saying for the last two years.
She didn't work at McDonald's. She never worked there. They never saw her there. The manager of the store said, "She never worked here. She never worked here." She's a liar. She's a liar. And I told you before, every commercial she does about me, it's the exact opposite. Our campaign is bringing together all Americans who want a better future for our country.
So I want to thank everybody in the room and the other rooms that are filled up, who we'll see in a little while, but those -- those people... [Applause]
I don't feel good about that, right? In other words, you have to stop approximately for a truck six times for the same trip. How are they going to stop six times? And yet, it's not stopping these lunatics in Washington. These are lunatics. These are deranged people. [Audience member calls out "Amen"]
What they do is unbelievable. When you see them take a soldier who got just blown to pieces and, frankly, put them back together brilliantly, it's amazing. Couldn't have been done five years ago. But when you see the work they do, but you can't get to the doctors because of the administration and what they're doing, I said, "You go out, you get a doctor, get a great doctor, get yourself fixed up, and we pay the bill." And nobody believed I got that through Congress.
We're just getting started. We're on the verge of passing that wonderful, beautiful tax cut. It's the biggest in the history of our country. It doubles the amount of income taxed at the rate of zero. It lowers tax rate. It expands the child -- you know that, the child tax credit so broadly. It provides relief from the estate tax, also known as the death tax.
Another Republican president, Dwight D. Eisenhower, initiated the last truly great national infrastructure program: the building of the interstate highway system. The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding. [Applause]
Premiums are surging. Companies are leaving. Insurers are fleeing. Doctors are quitting and deductibles are going through the roof. You have deductibles at 15, 16, $17,000 can you believe it? Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare making it even more expensive, far more expensive. I'm asking for your vote so we can repeal and replace Obamacare and save health care for every family in Iowa and for every family in our great country so important. Just remember, Obamacare, got to get rid of it.
Right. She's so smart. I don't want them to know. I don't want to tell Putin what I'm thinking. She's so smart. What you just said is -- what does that say? What about Ukraine. Don't worry about Ukraine. Ukraine is going to be fine. Just don't ask me why. You know, you know it's just this world of politics.
We were going to take care of Asia. We're going to take care of Europe. We're going to take care -- we're going to make a fortune, start paying down debt. We have 35 trillion in debt. We're going to lower your taxes. I gave you the largest tax cut in the history of our country and the largest regulation cuts, and we were able to do more. [Applause]
At the same time, the big tech giants worked together to suppress and diminish news coverage. That was negative for Joe Biden. Look at all these stories that came up and they were wiped out. Anything negative for Biden or the radical left Democrats, they just suppressed in the most horrendous example, the oldest newspaper in America and one of my favorites.
They're no good. Wisconsin's in the middle of the pack in terms of states from around the area. Wisconsin is not doing well. So he would have been better off if he didn't endorse Ted Cruz because now I'm just letting out facts that nobody would have even known. I'm telling you, nobody even knows these facts folks.
Do you know what that means for this country? Do you know the kind of money you're talking about? Then, jobs would start coming back. Lots of good things would happen. Lots of great things would happen. And maybe our babies, who have all these toys all over the place, maybe they'll have 75%, and maybe you'll like them better.
These are just recently, it's a disaster waiting to happen, and the only one that knows it better than we do are the Democrats. They know this is going to happen. They want it to happen because they want to go through a court system, and instead, you're not going to hear -- very unlikely that you're going to hear a winner that night.
We have our team right now in China. They just arrived. China. China. We've gone up, they've gone down but we want them to be healthy. We want them to be happy and healthy. China. And by the way we are building the wall as us -- , we are building that wall. Building -- We are building that wall. [Audience chants build that wall] We had to go down a little bit of a different path but that's okay.
[Video] -- a big statement.
I think without Candy, he'd be nothing. OK, you want to know the truth? He'd be nothing like all of us, right? Candy, thank you very much. And what a great relationship. And what a great man you are. Ben. Thank you very much. We appreciate it very much. Additionally, on this Sunday afternoon, I'm delighted to announce the endorsements, and these are very important to me because I have such respect for people that do this.
I'll take the guy with the economy, OK? Believe me. And I'm also a nicer guy than many of these people running, that I can tell you. That I can tell you. I've gotten to know, they actually came up, you know because you know we're going to build the wall. Who's going to pay for the wall? Quickly, who's going to pay?
We made a promise to these heroes. You defend America, and America will defend you.
It's a job killer. So, you'd have that against a Biden depression. Let me tell you, if he gets in with what he wants to do you will have a depression the likes of which we've never seen in this country outside of perhaps 1929. It's a choice between a Trump boom or a Biden lockdown. He wants to lockdown the country again.
But a lot of them -- and I told him about it. He's a very knowledgeable person. He said -- here's a guy, he's done it all his life. He's sitting right over there. I don't want to embarrass him. But he said, "Where did you come up with that idea? That's the coolest thing." It's like the paperclip again, right? It's like the paperclip.
I was not going to sign for May, which basically you sign your life away, and I sign for May. And then everybody says -- saying wow. And then we put in financials. The financials were phenomenal, far, but a little bit like this evening, far better than even people thought. Great financials. I built a great company with the help of my -- my sons and my daughters, and I mean with the help of my family frankly.
But ultimately, we're going to get up to the Supreme Court, and hopefully that great court will straighten things out. And these are just some of the issues in this election. And these are also the reasons why it's so important for each of you, each one, to get out and vote. Get out and vote. Now, if you're going to vote Democrat, don't bother.
It's driving them crazy. It's driving them crazy but look at them, they still come. I've never said anything like it. But illegal immigration hurts all Americans, including millions of legal immigrants, by driving down wages, draining public resources, and claiming countless innocent lives. You see what's going on, folks.
If any principal is not getting the job done, the parents should be able to vote to fire them immediately and to select someone who will, right? And I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or mask mandate, from kindergarten through college. And something else I find hard to believe that I have to even say.
What kind of business is this? And this has been, by the way, going on for many, many years. And Japan, same thing. Smaller numbers but the same thing. They send the cars in by the millions and we have tremendous deficits. And Mexico, when I say we're building a wall, we're going to build a wall. Believe me. And who's going to pay?
He took everybody out and he announced the date that he was leaving, and now you have a mess. And in comes ISIS, they take the oil. And I've been saying, for years, keep the oil, keep the oil. Don't let him have the oil. I didn't want to go in the first place, but I said, if you're to go out, take the oil.
Ohio is at the center of American motor vehicles and the industry is really suffering in terms of production. According to the state development, almost 75 percent of all light vehicles produced in North America are made in Ohio or within 500 miles of this great state. The auto industry and its feeder industries account for over 10 percent of Ohio's economy. Seventy-five of Ohio's 88 counties have at least one automotive industry business. Nearly one in eight Ohio residents are either directly or indirectly employed by the auto industry.
But you know what else? It's not working. It's no good. It's terrible healthcare and you know your numbers are so crazy, you really can't use it. Your deductibles are so high you'll never get to use it. It's just one more reason why we have to win on November 8th. [Applause]
My fellow Americans, our movement is far from over. In fact, our fight has only just begun. And remember this. Look at the crowd tonight. In theory, there's not even an election and yet you broke records. We have bigger crowds now, everywhere. Not just in Iowa, everywhere. We have bigger crowds everywhere.
That's it, got to. And she turned out to be the one that doesn't accept it. But all the time she was lecturing me. It was sort of incredible and I said I wonder what this is all about. But since their loss in 2016, the extreme left has not given up on their relentless crusade against Christians and Americans of all faith.
So many people said, "You're just wasting your time." But we weren't because we had talented people working with us. And we had people that loved your country and frankly, people that loved the region, they loved the Middle East. I want to thank my friend Steve Witkoff. You know, Steve was chosen by me. He never did this before, but I knew him as, a few things.
I really did appreciate it. Something was working, that we know. Something was working, so I thank you very much. And I stand before you tonight thanks to the power of prayer and the grace of almighty God. As I think you can see, I've recovered well and, in fact, just took off the last bandage off of my ear.
I mean, you know what he likes -- is it's where he feels comfortable. All of a sudden, he's on the stage. He's got all those people, and he's wearing the hat. I said, "What is it?" He said, "Dark MAGA." I said, listen, "That hat looks great, Elon." OK. So, I sold like two hats in the last year, dark MAGA.
Do it more. Do it a little bit more. You want to be competitive with these other countries. Other countries have lower rates because their Feds -- their currencies are cut to a level and their rate is cut. They play with their currency, they play with the value of their currencies, and we don't do that. We don't do that.
We have some people that won't be able to live. I mean, they're not going to -- we have to help people. Don't we have to help? We're Republicans. Somebody said, "Donald Trump proposed helping people that have no --" I mean, what are we going to do, let them die in the street? We can't do it. And Republicans understand that.
They're coming back like almost never before, probably, I can say they're coming back, like never before. People are coming back now because they want to be where the action is, and this is the country where they have the security and where they do have the action. In my first week in office, I proudly withdrew.
Vote for Trump. That's how you do it. OK? You're going to have no problems. You got me on that one before it was even an issue. It's the craziest thing. And, you know, it's amazing. It's such a good statement and/or question, but so many people, they hear it. They can't even believe it. They can't even believe what's going on with that subject.
What we're doing is stopping drugs at a record number. It's still -- anything that comes over is too much, but we're blocking it at a record number. And I'm also very proud to report that we won a critical Supreme Court victory yesterday on immigration. We will now be finally able to enforce federal law and ensure that those seeking admission to our country are able to support themselves financially and not abuse taxpayer-funded programs.
We're not going to do it anymore, folks. We've been doing it for a long time. We're not going to do it anymore. The media donor political complex that's bleed this country dry has to be replaced with a new government of, by, and for the people. I will fight to ensure that every American is treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally.
But until then, Republicans must win. We have to win. Once we get in, we'll change that, but we have to win. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as Joe Biden and the Biden administration has done.
It's a lot of people. I wish the cameras would show it. They never show it, right? They never show it. They show me, and you know what happens, over my shoulder is about three or more people, three or more. They're always complaining. I don't see masks. I mean there's a lot of masks on, a lot of masks. No, they're corrupt people, but Joe Biden is from a failed and corrupt political class that enriched himself while draining the economic life and soul from our country.
Look at that guy. Are you the same guy? Yes. No kidding. It's pretty good memory, right? Unlike somebody else that I happened to be running against. He wouldn't -- come on up here. Get up here. I got to get this guy. This guy was central casting. Look at him. Look. Oh, I think he was standing on a box. That was the only thing.
We're the biggest in the world in energy production. And now, ethanol is playing a bigger and bigger part. So, congratulations. And this isn't political season quite for me. It'll start next week. But just remember the Democrats were totally opposed to this, folks. They didn't have a clue.
We've got to get smart. They're taking over apartment complexes, they're unleashing a violent killing spree all across America. In Aurora, Colorado, you've been reading about it, it's terrible. Yes, doctor, please, doctor in the house. Please, take your time, doctor. Thank you.
You know crime in Venezuela is way down. Crime all over the world is way down except here. I was right in the debate when David Muir kept interrupting me over and over and over again. [Audience boos] And he said to me when I said crime is way up, it's rampant because of what's happening in our country.
You're not as vicious as they are. In the past, we would debate. I would have it. I'd debate. You've seen me. For many years, they'd throw something. I'd debate. They'd debate. Who knows who wins? You know, people go, they vote, they see what happens. But they would have an idea. They would disagree. The public would hear it. The debate and discourse would take place, and then somebody would make a decision.
If I don't win, you will have a 1929-style depression. Enjoy it. I believe that. I believe that. I believe it. A lot of people believe it. So, we're not going to give them the chance, OK? We're not going to give them. And your state's going to be ruined anyway. She's totally anti-fracking. She's been anti-fracking and anti-drilling, anti-oil and gas from practically the day she was born.
I will totally obliterate and finish the job we started out. We got interrupted by the gift from China COVID. We will totally obliterate the deep state. We will overhaul and rebuild the corrupt FBI and corrupt DOJ from the ground up. Before I even arrive at the Oval Office shortly after I win the presidency, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled.
It's going to happen fast. You're going to be very busy watching trucks go back and forth, loaded up with cash, or its equivalent. And it will create and save over 100,000 American jobs, including 14,000 jobs in Pennsylvania. Thank you, very good. And by the way, your local union, I won't talk about your national union because I don't think he knows what the hell he's talking about.
They have certain groups -- we won't say. They have certain groups that vote for them." By the way, a lot of groups, if you look at African American, they're at my level higher than anybody's ever had before. Hispanic American, we are going to probably win Hispanic American. By the way, if that happens, this election is over.
I don't even think it had anything on it. And he said we've decided to do this and that. And then I said, there goes the NFL right down the tubes and nobody was -- and this was during, I think August. Nobody was even talking about it. What the hell is he doing? And here it goes again, nobody cares about football because of it.
Because Crooked Hillary was expected to win the election. But they didn't. They didn't see what we saw. We saw the biggest crowds in history gathering only superseded by the crowds we just had. But here's a guy that goes out and he goes to an intelligence hearing or whatever you might call it, and it's supposed to be secret.
You know, if that were on the other side, the person that did the shooting would be strung up and hung, OK? Now, they don't want to give the name. They don't want to give -- but people know the name. People know where he came from. And it's a terrible thing, right? Shot, boom. There was no reason for it. Who shot Ashli Babbitt?
Ben Carson has been my friend for a long time, and he was tough. He was tough. Where is he? He was tough. I'll tell you what, I was doing really well, but there was one guy in the pack, every week, I'd look at those polls. So Ben, was it -- I was at 28th, 29th. Ben was like at 10. Then the next week, he was at 12. And I had to be so nice.
Here's what they're saying, they're saying if Trump wins Iowa -- so you're giving me a lot of power there. If Trump wins Iowa, he's going to run the table, meaning he's going to win al most -- if I don't win Iowa, and honestly, anything's possible. If I don't win Iowa, I have to go to New Hampshire where I have a massive lead like a 20-point lead, a big lead.
I took the name off Hillary, crooked. I want to use it for Joe because I thought it was very accurate. But I got rid of sleepy and sleepy was good, but how about crooked, sleepy Joe? You could do a double. That's what you got. Next up, as you know, Super Tuesday. And without any big lessons in anything. That means Tuesday coming up, March 5th, just three days from now, and it's time for the Commonwealth of Virginia to finally have your say and get it done the way you want to have it done.
If you elect me -- I'm doing this for you, believe me. Hillary is going to raise taxes up to 45 percent, massively expand regulation, shut down American energy, which is a disaster, and push through terrible trade deals that offshore our jobs to the benefit of her donors and special interest. Her policies, in my opinion, will cause major, major recession and maybe even depression. A Trump administration will stop Trans-Pacific Partnership -- a horror story. [Applause]
I rebuilt it. We gave a lot of it away to Afghanistan, to the Taliban, stupidly -- but that's a very small amount, relative. It was billions and billions, but it's still a very small amount relatively to what we built. But I rebuilt -- largely rebuilt our military. Now I'm going to have to do it again, because so much has been given away, so much has been treated so badly.
And so remember that when you go to the polls, and especially when you go in November, but on top of it all, crooked Joe and -- I call them thugs, they're persecuting Catholics. Anybody in here Catholic? Anybody? They are persecuting Catholics. I don't know how. I've never seen anything like it. The FBI, the DOJ is persecuting Catholics, and yet the Catholic vote -- With the Evangelicals, I got 88%. With the Catholics, we got 50/50. It was a 50/50. I think that's going to change.
Thank you very much. I don't know what happened to them, but I came to office and I had 138 judges that were not appointed by President Obama. So I say thank you, Mr. President, very good and they'll say, he was a great president. Oh really, the fake news. He was a great President. If he was a great President, how come he left to me a 138 judges to appoint when everybody says that's the single most important thing a President of the United States has to do. Great President.
What's going on? Among the world's most dishonest people, look at all of them. [Audience yells "Boo"] Look at all those cameras, look at all of those cameras. Why don't you twirl the cameras, folks? Go ahead, twirl them. Show the crowd, show the crowd. They don't do it. And outside you have another 10,000, it was just reported, 10,000. These are the world's bad people.
It's nice to know. Well, the second election was rigged, so we knew we were doing well. And if it wasn't, you know what, if it wasn't, I would have never run. But the third one was just a monster. Boy, was that a big one, huh? That was a big one. When the second one, we got like 10 million or 12 million votes more than the first one.
The Republicans are eating their own. They've got to be very careful. We have to bring things together.
And he said, "Well, I'm not even going to think about this." And the person from the State Department, this really good woman. But she said, "Sir, you're just going to be wasting your time." And I said, all right. I said, I'll make you a little bet. I'll bet you I get all 10 within minutes, and she thought I was crazy, too.
It's a big one, one of the biggest we've ever seen. All of Pennsylvania, all of America sends its unwavering love and support. My administration is working closely with Florida Governor Rick Scott and the governors of North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia, anybody else affected, to provide the full resources and steadfast support of our federal government.
And to have this many people I want to thank everybody. You know, thank you. So this is now crunch time. We've got a movement going that's been incredible. Everybody's talking about cover of Time Magazine last week, they have a picture of me from behind. I was extremely careful with my hair. To have a massive crowd out in front and they talk about a movement and that's what it is. It's a movement, folks.
They had a winner. They had a loser. Everybody went home and a lot of people were happy and a lot of people weren't. But there was no protest. There was no anything. They felt that it was a fair election and they feel very happy with what they did. This is what we must do to restore our country to greatness.
They didn't want to go over the $950. They're standing with calculators, adding it up. You know, these are smart people.
Cory Booker. You too can have a development right alongside of your wonderful house. No, it's no good. I -- no good. Gonna bring a lot of prob -- It's already done. I mean, you take a look at throughout the country thi -- where it's been done, and I terminated it. I -- They wanted to amend it. Ben Carson's a wonderful guy.
Make America great again, MAGA. It's never been seen. There's never been anything like this. And never forget our enemies want to stop us because we are the only ones who can stop them. We're the only ones. And this is why this election is so important. They want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom.
We need no, no signature verification. No, that's great, because they couldn't get people to sign so they said, "We'll just send them in. Don't worry about it." This is a real affront to our democracy. This is a horrible thing that's going on. And the Democrats know it and that, you know, they, they said, "Well, he's not for our great heritage.
For nothing. And it cost, I mean, hundreds of millions of dollars and just years. And you look at the environmental impact statements. I actually brought one to one speech. I brought one. And it was -- literally, it was this high, and there were like three other sections. It was just -- just nonsense, okay?
In West Virginia -- a truly great state, great people -- there is a hospital nursery where one in every five babies spends its first days in agony. Because these precious babies were exposed to opioids or other drugs in the womb, they endure nausea, pain, anxiety, sleeplessness, and trouble eating, just the same as adults undergoing detox.
And one of the worst things I've ever witnessed as a citizen of the United States was last week when the FBI director was trying so hard to explain, how she got away with what she got away with. Because she should be in prison. Let me tell you, she should be in prison. And she's being totally protected by the New York Times and The Washington Post and all of the media and CNN, Clinton News Network, which nobody's watching anyway, so what difference does it make?
You have guys, you have guys honestly you have guys, you have guys, honestly you have guys, you have guys, honestly you have guys that can't even if you think about guys that can't even if you think about guys that can't even if you think about it, it It can't - even they can't get 1 %, they can't, can't even they can't get 1 %, they can't, can't even they can't get 1 %, they can't get anything.
You know, when I read that line to my wife this morning, she said, "Donald, it's too conceited." But we need people that win. We don't need people that lose all the time, right? So I took a little bit of a chance because I didn't know when I said that what I didn't know I said maybe there'll be boos maybe but who the hell knows.
I have great homes, Mar-a-Lago and many others like it. Then they say, "You had it to do again, would you do it?" I never hesitate. I said, "Absolutely, I'd do it." I would have none of this happening because what I'm doing is necessary. And if I didn't do it, our country is gone. I believe our country would be gone.
And I don't necessarily want to stop people from giving because I think that's a good thing. But you got to get away from these PACs. What you have to have is people have to know who it is. So you have to open up the process. Let people know, if somebody wants to give him $1 million, you give him $1 million.
We took care of Alabama, we took care of Georgia, we took care of Georgia, took care of our farmers. I'll never forget, I stood, I came here and I stood and I was with 32 farmers, all of whom got hit hard and one of them said, sir, I was a week away from having the best crop I've ever had and it got ripped apart, just ripped apart.
I did it because it's the right thing to do, but if that were, if I were a Democrat, if I were a Democrat they'd be talking about that story for weeks. With me, they don't even want to -- you know, they actually played it down, and actually -- and I'm happy about this, Conan the dog, got more publicity than me, and I'm very happy about that.
I've watched her for a long time. She has great common sense. I will ask Congress to pass sweeping reforms to prevent foreign influence, peddling, bribery, and corruption like we have seen with a certain family in the United States, the Biden crime family. That's the family. [Audience boos] What the hell is happening with that family, Ron? What's going on with that family? You know, the night he spoke at the convention, Congress found out that he stole $27 million.
So we catch them. We talk to them. If they're criminals, or if they're not, we release them. We say, "Come back for a hearing in front of a judge." You know how many judges you need to do this? We have 900,000 people backlogged. That's the good news. The bad news? Nobody shows up. Three percent of the people come back for a trial.
I am in this race for the White House. I am in this race for the White House. I am the law and order candidate. The irresponsible rhetoric of our the irresponsible rhetoric of our the irresponsible rhetoric of our president who has used the pulpit of the president who has used the pulpit of the president who has used the pulpit of the presidency to divide us by race and presidency to divide Us by race and presidency to divide us by race and color has made America a more dangerous color has made America a more dangerous color, has made America a more dangerous environment than frankly I have ever environment than frankly I have ever environment than frankly I have Ever seen and anybody in this room has ever seen and anybody in this room has ever seen and anybody in this room has ever watched or seen this administration has watched or seen this administration has watched or seen.
The other day, I heard Ted Cruz says, we are gonna build a wall. Where did that come from? Where's he been? And you know, he's never gonna build a wall because the special interests aren't gonna let him build a wall, OK? He's never building a wall. It's all talk with these guys. They're all talk, no action.
He used that term. So in theory, that should be the end of it. Think of it. A President of the United States who's made our economy with a lot of help from all of you frankly, but from Mike and from some of our great Senators and some of our great people that we have with us. We made this the strongest economy in our history.
Espy supported one of the largest tax increases, you know this, in American history. He cosponsored legislation providing late-term abortion on demand. And he sponsored legislation to provide free government health care to illegal aliens at your expense. Congratulations. Congratulations, Mississippi. Mississippi deserves a senator who shares your values and will fight for your values, and that senator is Cindy Hyde-Smith.
And I'll tell you what, a couple of a very, very high level. Very rich, very good people, even though they're rich, but very, very good people. And some that are rich and they've said to me, "You've done a tremendous service by doing this because we do have a problem. This tremendous hatred for whatever reason." I mean when you see somebody willing to walk into a room and start shooting -- now of course, you know, they always walk into rooms where there are no guns, you ever notice that?
They'll figure something. They'll figure something. They'll think of something like Russia. "Let's see, Russia. Let's blame Russia. We won't say that she was a lousy candidate, and we won't say, certainly, that he was a very good candidate. We would never say that." Veterans' unemployment recently hit its lowest rate in nearly 20 years.
Well, I have no idea. I mean, I have no idea if I'll be able to. I would keep it in Buffalo. We're just discussing that. We've had a great discussion and Buffalo News is a terrific paper and they've treated us very fairly, I will tell you that. And we -- we are going to put in a bid. If the bid's not the right bid -- I just bought Turnberry, in Scotland, one of the great places of the world.
Who in this room has gotten rid of a phone, and then smashed the hell out of it with a hammer, anybody? Raise your hand, please. Raise your hand. I see one hand over there. I see a hand there. What business are you in? I want to know. No, I don't wanna know, I don't wanna know. I don't wanna meet him. [Booing]
Well, we've stopped it and we are stopping it. We're not going to let it happen. There has to be a price to pay when that happens; when they let our people go and that happens, and they think they can sell the product right back into the USA. There is going to be a big price to pay, and there has been, and that's why you're seeing a big change.
So, here's the thing. So, Hillary says about Japan, how dare he not not stay with our allies, how dare he not do that?
They have thousands of ballots lying all over the floors. "Get me some more ballots. Where are they?" They're on the floor over in the corner. They take a tractor, they scoop them up, and they drop the whole thing. But until then, Republicans must compete and we must win. So, in conclusion, this is what we must do to restore our country to greatness.
And you see what's happening even just around your college and in your college. To bring back prosperity, we slashed taxes on new investment in these areas. And people are investing in these areas that would have never, ever been investing here. And in some cases, they're rich, and in some cases, they're not so rich, but the money is flowing into your community.
The country's had the best year it's ever had. "Oh, let's get a new President. Let's put in Crazy Bernie. Let's go, Crazy Bernie." [Audience Boos] Unemployment has reached its lowest rate in over 51 years, half a century. The average unemployment rate for my administration -- think of this, the average. So we're talking about now more than three years is the lowest for any U.S. President in recorded history.
Following my trip to the Middle East, the Gulf states and other Muslim-majority nations joined together to fight radical Islamist ideology and terrorist financing. We have dealt ISIS one devastating defeat after another.
Number Five: Cancel Unconstitutional Executive Orders & Enforce All Immigration Laws
But when you look at what's happening to our country, it's incredible. And the fundamentals are so strong. The stock market -- I just see with all of the ups and downs -- since Election Day, is up 37 percent from Election -- 37 percent. [Applause] Now, it did a little bit of a correction. In fact, I started to say -- you know, I was in it for like 13, 14 months from election.
I said, "Why? Why? Why won't you?" "Well, I don't think it's appropriate to ask right now." Chris Wallace. He is not Mike. He will never be Mike. He tries hard, but he will not be Mike. You know why? Doesn't have the talent. The Biden lock down will be no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Easter, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no 4th of July, and basically no future for American youth.
He would run through them, preferably around them, you know, doesn't need to get slugged. But he would run through them, he'd run around them, he'd run any way you could, but you couldn't stop him. He was something really special and what a great guy. And he's been there for a long time, he's been with us for a long time.
China's giving Taiwan very serious thought. And the whole thing with Israel, where that focus is now, they're probably looking at it even tougher. If you took the first, anything you want, five presidents -- you take the worst five presidents. And I think I can really -- I've been saying for a long time, if you took the worst five presidents and added them up, nobody would be as bad as Biden.
I mean, I won the nomination like three months ago, right? Normally, it would still be going on. And I have a gag order from an appointed New York City judge, I have a gag order. I'm not supposed to talk. Won't that be interesting? I get a question, "What do you think about this or that?" "Sir, I'm sorry I won't be able to answer that.
They'll destroy this country. We'll be another Venezuela. You see what's going on, that country was really wealthy 15 years ago. They've destroyed that country, and I look at it every day, we're studying Venezuela. What happened to that country is beyond belief, truly a wealthy country. That's -- they don't have water, they don't have food, they don't have hospitals, it's incredible, don't let it happen to us. And that's why I've asked Congress in one case and it's so important to prohibit all sorts of things that we just can't have, but we want to prohibit extreme late-term abortion. I have to do it.
One of the most ridiculous things. Kamala now claims to want to cut red tape. But in less than four years, she's buried American families in regulations costing a typical household much more than $5,000 per year. Think of that, just with their red tape. I will cancel Kamala's crushing regulatory onslaught, and I will immediately eliminate every costly job.
You're gonna hear about protests. You're gonna hear that there were protesters outside. I didn't see them. I saw thousands of people trying to come in. Thousands. That line. I never saw that line was four blocks long, five deep. But you're gonna hear about protests and just remember what I said. It's all a big lie.
How do you think they feel? How do you think Petraeus feels? How do you think all these other people feel? And here she is she's got a clear path to running for president. But you know what? The first thing I have to do with Hillary is beat her. The next thing we'll do is we'll look into that, OK? And we'll beat her.
Who is it? It's a representative of Antifa. She will look at her husband, say, darling, we're out of here. We're out of here, Antifa. Remember they were trying to blame other people. They don't like to mention the name Antifa. I said, it's Antifa and I was right. I was right. They're bad people and you know what?
Nobody's taking them away. We stand on the shoulders of American Patriots, who crossed the oceans, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, landed men on the moon, and made America the greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater than ever before.
You know what's happening to your area. I will use every lawful presidential power to achieve relief for our workers and we're going to protect our workers, not like it's been for a long time now. Our workers are going to come first. We are going to protect our workers. Applause] You can read the full seven-point trade plan on my website. But I have to tell you, when it comes to trade, we're going to renegotiate some of those horrible deals and, boy, is NAFTA bad. North Carolina has lost more than 4 in 10 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA. Think of that, 4 in 10, 40 percent.
She does -- she wants to leave your border open. He became a small businessman and a leader here in Nevada, and now he's going to fight for this state like nobody has ever fought before. Sam Brown will vote to secure our border, stop inflation, strengthen our military, defend religious liberty, and cut taxes like you have never heard because Sam Brown thinks of one thing and one thing alone.
He got 1.5 billion to manage, because he's a great manager of money. He had no job, no money, no nothing. 1.5 billion dollars to manage, which is millions and millions of dol -- from China. I said to a friend of mine, the biggest on Wall Street, very smart guy and I said, "Is that possible to get?" Then he said, "It's not possible for my firm to get it." He got one -- And it took it approximately 10 minutes of dealing with the Chinese.
We got -- I'll tell you what those 28,000 troops that we have right now on the border between North and South Korea that's dangerous territory. They're in harm's way, they're in harm's way, and we get nothing, we get nothing other than they're a good competitor. I mean they compete with us, they take our trade, we lose a fortune with them. We lose a fortune with China.
For the next 13 months, we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul, and we are going to win the great state of Minnesota in 2020. America now has the number one economy anywhere in the world, and it's not even close. You know I'm dealing with China right now. They're in Washington, we're going to see we make a deal, but they want to make it. We're going to determine whether or not we want to make it. But they've been very nice, and today, I got a call from one of the top representatives.
I love West Virginia. I fought for it. I won by 45 points, 45. Joe Manchin has totally sold West Virginia out. What he's done to West Virginia, I don't believe they're going to stand for it. Let's see what happens. And I said this was going to happen. Joe Manchin is devastating West Virginia. Kyrsten Sinema agreed to allow this massive tax increase just yesterday to go forward, only provided that Wall Streeters are allowed to keep their current carried interest provision.
And that's what we're doing. We're getting record numbers, record numbers in the Hispanic community, record numbers in so many different communities nobody's ever actually seen. You know, this is the greatest movement in the history of our country. You do know that. Remember they used to say, "No, no, no. MAGA is a good solid 35% of the party." No, no, it's 95% of the party, not 35. They used to say that.
My administration is committed to ensuring that our warfighters have the tools, the resources, the firepower that they need to defeat our enemies with overwhelming force. Hopefully we will never have to use the kind of power that I'm building and helping to build for you. Hopefully people will look at us and they'll say, "Let's pass. Let's pass." [Applause, Laughter]
And Carrier won't move. Now, they'll build a new plant. Maybe they'll use their old plant. They'll negotiate with their employees. Maybe they're going to move down to Orlando. Who the hell knows. But they're going to be in the United States. All right? They're going to be in the United States. So look, we have a chance to do something monumental.
I don't like Donald Trump's tone. You know, he's a low-energy guy. So he doesn't like my tone. But, but honestly, he said -- and she said -- and they said it the same day. And I thought to myself I can tone it down. I'm a smart guy. I'll tone it down. Then I said wait a minute. I turn on television. They're chopping people's heads off in the Middle East.
All made in the USA. Our nuclear is now in tippy-top shape, and just hope, just hope that we never have to use it, that's all. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency -- already signed, January 1st, it goes into effect. Lower drug prices, even for the favored nations. Nobody can believe I did it.
I mean, Osama bin Laden wasn't even in that league. And he's killed so many people, not only soldiers, a lot of our soldiers, a lot of soldiers, but destroyed the lives of so many people. And so many people are walking around now without legs or without arms because of him. We took him out. We got him. We got him.
We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make you proud. We will make America safe again. It's going to be safe. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Iowa. Thank you. God bless you all. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"]
We'll start by getting Clinton out of the way. Gotta start, gotta start some. There's little doubt that FBI Director Comey and the great special agents of the FBI will be able to collect more than enough evidence to garner indictments against Hillary Clinton and her inner circle despite her efforts to disparage and discredit the FBI.
In fact, they tried that. You know, three days before Russia invaded Ukraine, right, they tried it. She went and she met with a lot of people. And right after she came back, they invaded. Good job, Kamala. Would have never happened if I was president. Would have never happened. Nothing is more dangerous than to give immense power to a very weak and incompetent person with an extremely low IQ.
Did you notice she gave a speech, she said, I will use it. She called it, I think, radical Islam. But she said, I will use it. I will. Just like the Trans-Pacific Partnership. She called it the gold standard. It is a horror show.
I mean, think of what you could do if they haven't started or they haven't said anything yet. They're not gonna leave because we're gonna put up a very high tax. And if they want to build their plant outside of this country, that's fine. But if they think they're gonna sell their product back into the country and have no tax, that's not gonna happen anymore, folks.
No, I don't want to even think about it right now. I'm not doing that, and we're going to set up a committee at some point in the not too distant future. But I just don't want to think about it, all right. And I want to -- I want to finish it off.
We ask all nations to isolate Iran's regime as long as its aggression continues. And we ask all nations to support Iran's people as they struggle to reclaim their religious and righteous destiny.
They put these radical, left crazy people in. Now, if they want to -- they're the party of disinformation. Remember that. What they say, you can usually go the opposite. They say, "Oh, yeah, we want to run against Trump." In the meantime, they got 5,000 prosecutors after my ass. We want to run against him so bad.
They did, really, a fantastic job.
In my administration, I'm going to enforce all laws concerning the protection of classified information. Those laws are already protected, we thought, but perhaps everybody is wrong. Perhaps all of those that have served jail time were wrong. She got special favors and nobody has ever seen anything like it in the history of our country.
We have drugs in the pipeline that are showing tremendous progress. If somebody is terminally ill let's let them have access to our drugs. Let's let them have access." And it's much tougher than you would think. But we got it and people, you will not understand, nobody understands, the lifesaving effects, it's incredible what's going on. They are getting better.
They don't know what they're doing or other things. OK. We will also immediately stop the job killing Trans-Pacific Partnership. As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on American business from 35% to 15%. We're the highest taxed nation in the world. Killing our jobs. Our companies are leaving, killing our jobs.
And then you distribute it. You take some and you give some to the veterans and to the wounded warriors and to the families who lost people. And you give some to the families that have had death and horror in their lives and what have we got out of Iraq. We've gotten out of Iraq. I'll tell you, $2 trillion at cost, thousands of lives, wounded wars who we all love all over the place.
It was done in 1 day. I never saw and I'm actually more disappointed. I'm Republican, but I'm more disappointed with the Republicans because the concern -- you know, right? These guys we send them down there and they get down there and I don't know what happens to them. But if you think about it, we know where the Democrats are coming from, right?
How did you allow three, Tom? I called up, Kristi -- Kristi Noem is doing a great job, Tom Homan, I said how did you allow three people. No, they allowed a few in for medical reasons. Honestly, they had -- a couple of them were very sick. The ones that got in were really very sick and we had to take care of them, but it was a few people.
We have more liquid gold than Russia. But we don't use it. We go out, and we buy from other countries at ridiculous prices. We buy now from Venezuela, we buy tar. It's not really -- it's tar. And you know where we refine it at a factory, only one factory in the world can do it because of the nature of it, it's tar.
And you know, I've said before, some people thought it was a harsh statement. But if in Paris, where 130 people died -- toughest gun laws in the world, by the way. There were no guns on the other side. These thugs walked in -- probably if they were, if they knew they were, they wouldn't have gone in there in the first place.
We also know from a previous inspector general investigation that many of these same high ranking officials were consumed with anti Trump and anti-Trump people hatred and bias, texting about and insurance policy. Let's have an insurance po -- Remember, remember? Peter Strzok and his lover Lisa Page. Remember?
Your doctors, you go to the best doctors and hopefully that solves the problems. But they are -- it does make life easier. And I tell -- told so many stories about different types of people. For instance, you got to love what you do. You're going to never ever quit or give up. Never quit. You're going to be so close.
They're coming, last month came from 132 different countries all over the world. All over the world. Just a few days ago, an illegal alien with three prior deportations and an outstanding warrant for attempted rape was arrested in Virginia after sexually assaulting and victimizing nearly two dozen women on a local walking trail in the last two months, think of that, walking trail.
The old post office on Pennsylvania Avenue, right between the White House, right between the Capitol building and the White House, and it's under construction now. I got it. By the way, people were shocked that I got it but I got it. They were shocked because of the Obama. That tells you how good -- and I got it for two reasons: I had the most incredible and have the most incredible financial statement.
Hillary wants to shut down energy production. Trump wants to expand it significantly. And we'll start paying off our debt. Hillary wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment, take away your right. Donald Trump will protect it more so than any president that has ever served. [Applause]
It will be a boom. We're going to turn this country around so fast. Many people say that the only reason the stock market is up is because people think I am going to win. Did you ever hear that? But there was one day a couple of weeks ago when they weren't thinking that, and you saw what happened. This will be a 1929-style crash.
County commissioners Michelle Hong and David Moore and my friend JJ and Jan Cafero. Great people. They're great. Thank you. Thank you everybody, and thank you JJ, for being here. Thank you. Over the years, our movement achieved more than anyone thought possible. There's never been anything like it. We passed record setting tax cuts, massive regulation cuts, which I think were even more important than tax cuts in terms of the economy.
We stand on the shoulders of Florida patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. We inherit the legacy of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal. Laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers.
And I mean... you know... you know, when this man lifted up the sign, I liked it for one reason. Because they had to move the cameras around to show the crowd. OK? That's the only way they see the crowds, is when we have... if we have protesters, I love it. In fact, sometimes I actually... thinking about doing it. I'm going to set my protesters up in corners of rooms.
They've been fighting it for hundreds of years. That's what they do is they fight and they're good fighters. But I had a good relationship other than that one statement. After I said that, I said, "Now let's get down to business." And we had a conditions-based agreement. And they didn't meet the first two conditions and we hit them hard.
You know, we're putting a charge on when the cars go through and it'll more than pay for the wall. But we have now the most secure Southern border that we've ever had and I want to thank the President of Mexico. They have 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our Southern border, stopping people from coming into the U.S. illegally.
The CNN poll of battleground states has us leading Biden by eight in Georgia and 10 points in Michigan. That's great because the autoworkers are getting killed with this electric car. They're all going to be made in China. Poll numbers also revealed that African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans, young Americans, and just about everybody else want to join the Republican Party.
Well, I think the only card she has is the woman's card. She's got nothing else going. And frankly, if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don't think she'd get 5% of the vote. The only thing she's got going is the woman's card, and the beautiful thing is women don't like her. OK? And look how well I did with women tonight.
Thank you very much everybody.
It's time to expose the crooked media deceptions, and to challenge the media for their role in fomenting divisions. And yes, by the way -- and yes, by the way, they are trying to take away our history and our heritage. You see that. [Booing] And -- and I say it, and you know, we're all pros. We're all, like, we have a certain sense. We're smart people.
On November 8th, we are going to declare our independence from special interests, corrupt politicians, and from a rigged system that benefits only the insiders.
I wouldn't pay. I hate it. This is going to lead to a lot more -- I think it's going to be economic positive, but I'm not even doing it for that reason. I'm doing it because, like, the no tax on overtime, it's something so good. But no tax for the seniors. Do we have any seniors here? I hate to admit it, I'm a senior.
I got to know them a couple of months ago when I went down to Texas, to the border. They're great people. They're not allowed to do their job. They stand there and watch people walk right in front of them smiling at them. They want to do their job. They're not allowed to. So the executive order that President Obama signed, the one good thing about an executive order, in the first minute in office I will counter-sign and revoke those executive orders.
We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States and right here in the great state of North Carolina, by the way, get out and vote, please, OK. We will hire more police. Thank you, sheriffs. Thank you, sheriffs. I love the sheriffs. You know we got the endorsement from all the sheriffs in Florida, everybody up in Ohio and Texas, and every -- We have the stuff nobody's ever seen anything like it.
And we're starting -- we're starting -- we're starting from a negative. You know, we're starting from like about 15 yards off the field. We're not starting at the 20. We're starting from 15 yards off the field. And speaking of football, maybe we can get the NFL to drop that ridiculous kick offs. What the hell are they doing? What is that? I watched the game the other day.
It's a lack of respect for a lot of people, a lot of things, but it's just a total lack of respect. And it happens to be a man that is just driven. He's driven to put it together. And you look at it, and it's just so ridiculous and so senseless and so horrible. And I say it again and I'll say it again and again.
Trump National Golf Club, some of you know it. Great. Right in the best location. And what happens? What happens? So I filed. Everyone said, well, I can't believe it. Then they said, well, maybe he won't do so well with the polls. And you know, before I went, people never believed I was going to run. They never thought I was going to run.
Steve is a picker of great candidates, like he picked a guy named Tim Sheehy, who's here. Where's Tim? Where is Tim? Thank you, Tim. And Tim Sheehy has turned out to be a wonderful senator and that was your pick and we went with it and you were right and we have a great one in Tim. So thank you, Tim, and thank you, Steve.
I have a lot of property, a lot of employees. I pay them a lot of money. We're going to win in Virginia but I figured she'd pick somebody that was popular. They don't like him in Virginia but he raised taxes by $4 billion in the first week when he was governor and unemployment doubled. I don't think that's a perfect candidate.
We're going to have a celebration. Let me just tell you the -- so I have three big ones tomorrow, and then I have four big ones on Monday, and then we shut it down. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Never to happen again. But -- which is sad. But here's the good part. Hopefully, we will have achieved our goal.
No, it's true. It's like, you think it's woke. It's not. You look at the percentage of votes and everything else if you can count on them, which you basically can't. But look, you just keep your thoughts and keep because you happen to be doing the right thing. There are many, many more of you than you understand.
Ted?
That's what you're talking about. [Audience member calls out "Worse"] Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children are missing or in a form of slavery. They're gone. Probably will never be seen by their parents again. [Audience member calls out "That's evil."] That's what they're giving us. That's -- and nobody even writes -- [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] You know, that's a carnage.
So -- I know, and Mitch says it will be done and it will be. They could move faster on the other side. I will say that. [Laughter] Could move faster. [Applause]
Let me hear that again because I don't believe it. Our early and aggressive action saved as many as 2 million, but maybe much more as we said, maybe much more than that. We pioneered life-saving therapies. Well, here I am, I mean you know. I don't know what the hell they gave me, but I'll take some more of it right now because I felt -- no, I had something, Regeneron, great.
We're going to rebuild our depleted military. And we are going to take care of our great veterans. We have tremendous veteran support, tremendous veteran support. [Applause]
It's true. Pot holes, pot holes. You land at Laguardia or Newark or L.A.X. and you walk into a filthy terminal that's falling apart with broken terrazzo floors, and that's what we have. We used to be the leader. We have to rebuild our own country. And you know, when you owe $19 trillion and you want to take care of the vets and you want to build up the military because I will build up the military so big, so strong. [Applause]
Thank you, Sonny. State Senate candidates Anthony Kern, Robert Scantlebury, David Farnsworth. Oh, David. Oh, what a good deal, David. And [Inaudible]. David, you beat a certain man that was a super RINO, didn't you? You were the man that beat him. I endorsed David. You beat him by what? Was it, 65 to 35? Wow, that was a big win.
The list is growing rapidly. And they told me on Mosul, the other night I was in Fort Bragg -- right near Fort Bragg. We had 25,000, 27,000 people in a field, it was unbelievable. And some of the generals and admirals came up to me -- we had a lot of them there. They said, Mr. Trump, you are so right on Mosul, you're so right. You know, I've been saying, the element of surprise. Four months ago, we say, our leaders, we are going to attack Mosul in [Inaudible] Mosul in three months, we are going in. Because we are going to get the leaders of ISIS who are in Mosul. Well you have to understand, they've already left when you said the four months right? [Inaudible]
If we want to remain a free and open society, then we have to control our borders.
Nobody could do it. They couldn't get it done. ANWR in Alaska, the biggest field probably in the world, maybe bigger than Saudi Arabia, I got it done. I was so proud of it. I got it done. In his first week, they terminated it. The biggest field anywhere in the world. It would supply Asia, would supply -- we'd make so much money, we'd pay down debt so fast, and Biden rejected it.
This will not be the first woman president. You can have a woman president. This will not be the first woman president. That's a lot of cameras back there! Yeah, that's right. They're all, they're all screaming Ivanka. You know, Ivanka, you know, she's great. She just loves -- She's out campaigning today, doing really well.
This is a new phenomena. People don't even know about it. They're being shot at as they go to fires. They're being shot at as they put out fires. And so we got to change, folks, we have to -- we have to bring people together. We have such a divided country. Thank you [Inaudible]. Thank you. From now on, it's going to be America first.
And I think the word "vocational"" is a much better word than
You know, a lot of times when you see -- you think the politicians are stupid and you think the deals are bad. They're not bad. They're good for them. They're taking care of the lobbyists and the special interests, OK? Because they can't be that bad. You look at some of these deals, even the Iran deal. I'll bet you there's something involved.
Did that ever happen to you? No. They ream us right with questions. But it never happened with us. But since Biden took office, over 29 major cities have seen a 30% increase in murders or higher. They've never had a crime wave like this in the country. It's going to get much worse because of migrant crime.
Then he was bailed out by the anchor, right, he was bailed out. I said, "Joe, say the words law and order." He wouldn't do it, he didn't want to lose the radical left. I'm not just running against Joe Biden. I'm running against the left wing media, the big tech giants, the RINOs. Do you know what a RINO is, right?
We will cut wasteful and unnecessary spending, and we will terminate the green new scam and spend that money on roads, bridges, real infrastructure, and paying down debt. No fake infrastructure that has caused massive inflation with no benefit whatsoever to our population. I will settle the war in Ukraine, and I will end the chaos in the Middle East.
And as I said, we will keep men out of women's sports. It's so demeaning to women. You saw that in the Olympics. They have female boxing, women's boxing, and a young lady from Italy, very good boxer, very, very good. She was all excited, but she played a person who transitioned, a person transitioned, a male transitioned to a female.
A friend of mine, one who's very generous. Anytime there's a problem with hurricanes or tornadoes or anything, he's always there and always helping and writing big checks, Mr. Steve Witkoff. He's here someplace. Steve, thank you very much. Thank you, Steve. Thank you. So, here are the facts, just in closing.
We don't need that. We don't want to be taught. So we had the Trump travel ban. But I said, the one thing that's nice about not being in, I never talked about the fact that we had no trouble with terrorism for four years. Think of it. We didn't have buildings knocked down. We didn't have the World Trade Center.
With everything else we did, Space Force. We created the first new branch in 75 years. Air Force was the last one, now we have Space Force, and we never even used to talk about that at the rallies, right? I've actually done more, I really believe that, I think I've done more than I promised. I may be the only politician, if you call me a politician, we've done more than I promised.
High evangelical population. I love the evangelicals. They are so good. I'm leading with evangelicals everywhere. Because... because they want competent people. They want somebody that's going to finally... they are so tired of listening to these dead, boring, do-nothing, all-talk, no-action politicians.
Look, folks. Just so you understand, so the election is tomorrow, Tuesday. On Wednesday, she will no longer agree with me on border security. No longer. No longer. A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, and the legendary Maxine Waters. And more important, it's a vote for their horrible socialist agenda.
The answer is nobody would trust him. Nobody would trust him. And he's running the country, and he's negotiating with Putin and President Xi, who are very strong, and Kim Jong Un, he's negotiating with, who doesn't even want to talk to him. They don't even return his phone calls. They don't respect us. They laugh at us, and we have become a joke.
All great places. In Ohio alone, almost 200 suppliers churn out parts and materials that go into every tank that rolls off this factory's floor. Incredible. What you achieve here at this plant is truly remarkable. And equally remarkable is that they wanted to close it. No good. Every day you start with a powerful, heavy, but sometimes rust-covered, hollowed-out hull -- and with incredible skill and extraordinary care -- you restore its unmatched power, strength, and glory with all brand new equipment inside.
Our interest rates are set high by the Fed. Our dollar is very high, and -- relatively speaking. But when other countries get -- literally, they're under. They have negative rates -- meaning, they're under. They get paid. I love this. This concept is incredible. Again, you don't know where the hell it leads.
And there was nobody there. During the same period last year, Joe Biden released more than 184,000 illegal aliens into our country. Think of it. Many of these people were from jails and mental institutions, as I said. Since my inauguration, we've released a grand total of nine, nine, nine. And they were all in all cases medical emergencies.
I said, "Harris was out tonight." "Who's Harris, sir?" Nobody knows who she is. But on Tuesday, you have to stand up and tell Harris that you've had enough, you can't take it anymore. "You're the worst vice president in the history of our country, it's the worst administration in the history of our country. Kamala, you're fired. Get out. Get out. You're fired."
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Janelle, thank you. You could take the five worst presidents in American history and put them together, and they would not have done the damage Joe Biden has done to our country in less than two short years. [Audience boos]
Thank you very much for being here. [Applause] We appreciate it.
We will bring our country back. We will bring it back quickly. It's going to be quickly. Weak and failed Joe Biden has no plan to stop inflation. He has no idea what the hell is happening. He doesn't know where he'll be in an hour. "Where are you going to be later on this evening?" "I have no idea." His only ideas are spending more money, letting in millions more illegal aliens for whatever reason.
I watch these bankers, and they get millions of dollars a year, 40, $50 million. Frankly, it's ridiculous. And then they'll settle with the government if they're sued by the government for 2 billion, 3 billion, 5 billion, 12 billion. And I say to them, why don't you fight it? They said, well, it's the government.
Can't do better right? Reuters, such big stuff. They don't know me. They usually write bad things about me. They don't even like me, right? So you know, Reuters, they all write bad stuff. They love to write bad. The good stuff they don't want to write. They say -- I said, "What about that story?" No, no, no, we don't want to write them.
Our military we rebuilt, our tax cut, our regulation cuts. Space Force, just a thing like Space Force. I never even talked about Space Force, right, during the campaign. I did more than I actually talked about during the campaign. Thank you, thank you very much. [Audience chants "We love Trump"] Thank you.
A Trump administration will stop the jobs from leaving America. And we will stop the jobs from leaving Virginia, that I can tell you. We will renegotiate NAFTA stand up to foreign cheating and fight for every last American job. As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on American businesses from 35% to 15% and we will massively cut taxes for the middle class.
Forget about Matt. I'm going to blame Mercedes because I am supposed to be there, and I'm not there. And if I do poorly, I'm blaming everybody in this audience, but I think we're going to do OK. And I just want to thank everybody. And ladies and gentlemen, for those of you from a beautiful place called South Carolina, go out and vote right now.
I'll also use Title 42, you know what that is, to end the child trafficking crisis by returning all trafficked children to their families in their home countries immediately. These children have been kidnaped. You saw the great movie, Freedom. You saw the movie, but these children have been kidnaped. But we cannot wait until 2025 to begin stopping Biden's nightmare as a president and on the border.
The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream and, of course, the late great Abraham Lincoln. Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, and every walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy, and enthusiasm.
They leave their trunks open because if they don't, they take a crowbar, and they get it open. So they say, "Look, if you want to take my tire, it's OK." Can you believe that we've -- and this is happening a lot. Can you believe that this is where our country has come? Under the Trump administration, we will bring back law and order to California.
All right so this was CNBC. So it's staying home. And it says for the frontrunner, 75% Republicans polled -- basically, you see the charts. And that if Trump runs, far more people are going out to vote in the election. Far, far. Then it says, no matter -- I have no glasses on, but these are minor details.
He's off, OK. He's off. And I have no problem saying it anymore when I watch the disinformation because this is not disinformation, this is fact. If he's elected, his radical supporters won't just be causing mayhem on the streets, they'll be running the Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Education, and most importantly, they will put many judges on the United States Supreme Court.
Now, I got to be very accurate because all these numbers, they check him out, as a check up there in there check it out, check on the African-American unemployment, please. Please tell me, please tell me it's not historic. These people are among the most dishonest human beings on Earth, not all of them. Not all of them.
One hundred percent of the jobs created have gone to illegals. And then you're supposed to vote for this guy? And he doesn't know the difference. You're not talking about him. You're talking about people that control him, fascists, communists, people that want to see our country destroyed. So, I'm going to quickly rebuild the greatest economy in history.
So let me just tell you so it's them, so somebody calls and they say you know we're not going to let that deal. Thales call up what they'll say, we're not going to let board will call their lobbyists. The lobbyists will call Rubio, Bush, Clinton whatever the hell it is and say, you know, you can't do that. My client gave you $5 million and you know what they're going to do, uh, you're right, you're, right, you're right.
Now, last night, though, they arrested more than they've ever done because we said you have to. We said you have to. And we told them about, we will federalize them, we'll do whatever you need, and I spoke to the governor. It looks like they're -- Finally, after 107 days like they're finally doing what they're supposed to be doing.
Do you ever see it? They say he copied my campaign. I keep saying what the hell happened for 47 years and now he's copying my campaign. As President -- and you know it's not going to happen with him. As President, I know my first duty is always to take care of you, the American worker, that's what we're taking care of.
So, I said, "Well, this is interesting," because, you know, we don't have any lights. I said, "How the hell do I get to the pilots? I can't see." They said, "Follow us, sir." We go through this dark hallway and upstairs, and I sit down, and even their cockpit lights are turned off. And I said, "Hello, Captain." "Oh, sir." You got to see these people.
And I've been saying that for years. But we went in. Mistake. The way we got out was a mistake because we got out, we didn't leave the troops. We should've left some troops. And now what's happened? ISIS. We also, by the way, put terrible people in charge of Iraq. And that's really a primary reason, Jeffrey, why ISIS was formed because they couldn't get, they couldn't get together because they were not inclusive.
They won't be around long, Garret Graves, great Congressman. Garrett, thank you, Garrett, great job. They fight hard. Jobs tougher than we all thought, it shouldn't be tough at all, but they made it tough. We have people that made it a lot tougher than it's supposed to be, but these are incredible people, Clay Higgins, thank you, Clay, and Mike Johnson, thanks, Mike, great job all of you.
We will deliver record prosperity, epic job growth, and a safe vaccine that eradicates the virus and quickly ends this pandemic. And, you know, with the fake news, everything is COVID. "COVID, COVID, COVID." I had it. Here I am, right? I had it, the first lady had it, Barron had it, but Barron had it for about 12 seconds.
sports most pack valuable player award the winner of the trophy for Isis would
I thought he'd be a great unifier, a great cheerleader for the country. He is a great divider. The country has practically never been so divided as it is now. And we're going to bring everybody together, folks. White, black. We're going to bring everybody together. We're bringing our country together. The richer, the poorer, everybody.
With your help, we will restore America's promise and we will bring back -- we will take it back, we'll do whatever we have to do -- the nation that we love. We love this nation. I mean, I'm doing this. I could be in the most beautiful beaches in the world, getting whacked by saltwater waves with sharks in it.
I mean, we have a thing right now going on, it's called corporate inversion. Nobody knows what it is, but companies have trillions of dollars in other countries. And we can't get it back into this country. You know that, right? You've been hearing about it. Trillions. They know the number is $2.5 trillion.
They pay us nothing. We defend the whole world. We -- all you have to do -- and we want to be nice. Somebody said, oh, that's like the Mafia defense.
And you leave from Bagram, not from the place they left from. Couldn't breathe, it was so tight, so crazy, so horrible what they did. The veterans who have served this nation in uniform, enlisted their lives in defense of their families, our freedom, and our great American flag. And when I'm back in the White House, we're all going back together.
We will make America the best place in the world to hire, grow and start a business again. We want to lift our people from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. We're going to do an infrastructure bill.
If you vote -- here's a story. We have the ball. It's ours to win. The only thing I ask is that you go out and vote because if you vote, we're going to win. And -- and believe the fake news when they say this is going to be tight. This is very -- it's really not tight [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] but they want to do that because they want to get ratings.
Thank you.
We're going to be fighting really hard. And I think that Governor Kasich and Senator Cruz have really, really hurt themselves with a faulty deal that was defaulted on before they even started. Because Kasich said, "Well, what do you mean? Aren't they going to vote for me in Indiana?" Well, I said, "I thought they just made that deal." So what it is, is politicians, all talk, no action.
And I hear he doesn't have a chance. This is a crooked system, folks. This is a crooked -- I'm not a fan of Bernie. I couldn't care less. You know as far as I'm concerned, I couldn't care less about Bernie, but he wins and he wins, and he wins like me. I've won twice as much as Cruz. I've won millions and millions of votes more.
If these corrupt forces succeed in electing Joe Biden, Washington will see to it that another outsider never becomes president again. It'll never happen again. And nobody has done, in three and a half years, nobody, no administration, no president, what we've done and what we've accomplished. And it's not even challenged.
Never ever would he have been in our country if the election weren't rigged, because we didn't allow people like that into our country, and we didn't welcome them and they knew it. Does anybody like the snake? Do you know the snake? I don't know. I can't even hold this. I can't even hold this sucker in this wind, but we'll give it a shot.
They wanted drones, drones, little drones flying all over. Do you know what the drones would be good at with cameras on them? So that we can watch all the people pouring into our country, right? They wanted drones, remember, crying, Chuck Schumer. Do you know Schumer? He cries anytime. I've known him all his life.
it wasn't the right number five hundred percent more people coming in from Syria
But I would say that it's a very good possibility that he will invade Taiwan because he doesn't respect the United States of America any longer. And he had a lot of respect for us. A year and a half ago, under our administration, we had a slogan. It was called "Peace through strength." And that's what it was.
And she's trying to say well, I don't know like Trump's way -- she's gonna double up your taxes. You're gonna have massive tax increases is Clinton gets in. Enjoy -- enjoy it folks, if that happens.
You know what happens to uranium? You all know what happens to uranium, and they need it in Russia. Clinton's approval of the deal netted the owners of the uranium company millions and millions of dollars. In exchange for signing off on the deal, some of the former owners of Uranium One gave the Clinton Foundation millions and millions of dollars in donations. In addition, Bill Clinton received over $500,000 for a speech to a Kremlin-backed investment firm that was a beneficiary of the deal.
Italy, we have a woman, a young woman who's uh, I'm not allowed to say it 'cause usually it's the end of your political career if you say it. She's a beautiful young woman. Now, if you use the word beautiful in the United States about a woman, that's the end of your political career. But I'll take my chances.
We will make America strong again. [Applause]
He put a president, how do you like that? He put a president, how do you like that? He put a big ad in the paper, his paper. He wants big ad in the paper, his paper. He wants big ad in the paper. His paper he wants. Bernie Sanders for vice-presidents, the Bernie Sanders for vice-presidents, the Bernie Sanders for vice-presidents, the new one that's big.
But the coaches like me. But Bobby was out here working really hard and I could see it right at the beginning, this was going to be the water shed. We weren't going to -- but Bobby came out and I came out. And we went to arenas -- you've never seen so many people. Many of you -- many -- a lot of you were at those arenas.
Even these people, they say probably in the history of this country, maybe in the history of the world, there has never been anything like what happened in November of '16. Probably not. Probably never happened. Probably never happened. I really believe there's never been.
In fact, some things have been given which were unthinkable and a lot of turmoil it caused in Israel. There were things given. But I'd like to go in with a clean slate and just say let's go, everybody's even, we love everybody, and let's see if we could do something.
Chris, we were just -- stand up, Chris. [Applause] It's really one of the few bright spots where the numbers actually are going down, and that's a tremendous achievement. Thank you, Chris. [Applause]
So they're all going to have it. So we never thought about it, and frankly, that worked out fantastically well -- even before the February date, where you're going to start seeing a lot more money in your paycheck.
The reason China's not doing very well right now, as you probably are reading, but they're not doing well, is because of the big tariffs that they're paying to the United States. And I want them to do well. I think it's fine, but they can't abuse us. For years and years, they were abusing us and I was talking about it for years.
Just go and tell them 50." So, they told them 50, and they agreed to it. Do you believe it? That's when I told you in Iowa, stay with me because, you know, we went through a little period during that negotiation, right? It was a little nasty out there with China. You know, China is a seriously good negotiator.
Thirty-five percent. And I'll tell you what will happen every single time, like 98 percent -- 98 percent they're going to say, well, let's go get a lobbyist.
Right. Every time there's a little problem, we start sending our beautiful planes, our beautiful ships, costs us a fortune. They don't pay us. Oh, that's such an easy negotiation.
You know, they have been fighting for about a thousand years in all fairness, so. [Laughter] I said, you know, I could settle that up. I can settle anything. Let me settle it up. Let's get them all together. How long have you been fighting? About a thousand years? Oh, that's a lot. I'm not sure about that. [Laughter] I'm not sure about settling.
They wouldn't let the busses in. They wouldn't let the boats in. We'd send them by the water, Pacific. We'd send them by water. We'd send them through the Gulf. They wouldn't take the boats, said, "Turn them away." So, I say, "Well, that's terrible." But they're the ones that sent them here. They wanted them to come.
And if companies leave and fire, as in the case of Carrier and so many others, there's going to be consequences. They're not going to make their air conditioners in Mexico, send them into the United States. We have 1,400 people that are phenomenal people that helped build that firm. Send them into the United States and there's no consequence.
You didn't know that. A betrayal of American seniors. She betrayed American seniors. She's the one that cast the final vote. We're going to rebuild our cities into beacons of hope and safety and beauty, better than they have ever been before. We'll have to work with Democrat governors and mayors in some cases, but we'll work with them.
I used to hear she was going up to 11, and then I heard it was 13, but then they said that's an unlucky number. So, they went to 15. Yesterday for the first time, I heard 27. We'll have to rebuild the entire Supreme Court because they won't have enough room for the judges. They won't have enough. And by the way, how courageous were our justices of the United States Supreme Court?
That's what we're doing. We have no choice, can't let it happen. They're destroying -- I believe we lost 300,000 people last year to drugs, 300,000, fentanyl and other drugs. Each boat that we sink carries drugs that would kill more than 25,000 Americans. We will not let that happen. Energy is another area where the United States is now thriving like never before.
That brings me to the second reason that I'm here, to discuss our action plan -- to make America great again beginning with... [Applause]
But they will go back to that policy on the day after it opens up. And you're not going to have -- you're going to have electric bills that will be triple what they are now. Because when we get in, we're going to have a very simple phrase. We will drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill, baby, drill. [Audience responds affirmatively]
But the only people Clinton has ever served are the special interests and her donors. And I don't know if you saw her campaign -- 50-to-1 in advertising -- 50-to-1? And I think we're actually winning. [Applause]
It's not even Republican -- it's commonsense policies. Commonsense. That's why we have a lot of Democrats that support us, frankly, we have a lot of the Democrats that aren't crazy. They have intelligence. Because the Democrat Party has gone so far left that nobody knows what to do. It's become radical resistance.
This is one of the most successful guys. And I said you know, I don't really know and I'm not a big note person. I don't read speeches because I don't like to. I do, it's easier to read speeches. But you want to put everyone to sleep, just read speeches, right? Plus, you can't comment on things like Golf Channel, you know, with Kasich with Golf Channel.
Why did you delete so much? They couldn't answer the question. They can only be one reason, your RINO Republican Governor Doug Ducey and a group of other RINOs that you have, they did nothing to help our country or our state. And by the way, he's so terrible. And remember this, immense evidence of fraud impacting tens and tens and tens of thousands of ballots has also been reported out of Pima County and other counties where we weren't even looking.
Maybe all of it. You know, I go around and I talk about Tim Scott where they're not that familiar. And I say, "Yeah, there's a senator from South Carolina." I could be in the other parts of the country. "Tim Scott." And they come to me, "Why did you mention Tim Scott? Why didn't you take more credit?" I said, "Because, honestly, it was his idea." We got it done together, but it was.
I can't believe. Thank you. I love you. Thank you, And everything we've been fighting for so hard to achieve for the past nine years, it all comes down to the next two days. We've been waiting nine years for this if you think. We've been waiting nine years. And don't forget, we got more votes than any sitting president in history last time.
Can you believe it? I've been a politician for three years. I can't believe that. I never thought I'd be called a politician. I don't like it, but it is what it is, but we're finally, again, putting America first. The radical Democrats want to destroy America, as we know it. They want to indoctrinate our children and teach them that America is a sinful wicked nation.
The real numbers are beyond belief. Violent crime has risen 17 percent in America's 50 largest cities last year. Killings of police officers this year is up nearly 50 percent. Homicides are up more than 60 percent in Baltimore alone. They're up more than 50 percent in Washington, D.C.
We're independent. I approve the Keystone XL pipeline and the Dakota Access pipelines. Forty eight thousand jobs, my first week in office. I signed executive orders to speed up the construction of critical energy infrastructure which you people are so well aware of. And I opened up ANWR, the largest drilling site.
In the second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans, all Americans, race, color creed, all Americans. So in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.
And we are going to bring this terrible crime wave to an end.
But my hands wrapped around the other one's neck. I would have been in trouble if I did that, I think, I think. But what happened is when Secret Service went in, they totally told the proper story, which was nothing happened. Absolutely nothing happened. Then, she supposedly changed her story, something went on there.
We're sending 50 people. Now by saying that he's just put a target -- you know, they're being looked at and watched. They will -- you know we're not dealing with a stupid enemy. They are looking for those 50 people like you wouldn't believe. Why can't he just keep his mouth shut and send your 50 people or send your 100 people?
I don't think. Do you know what they said? They said we're going to build it. They started work the following morning. That's what happens. We are so left behind and we worry about the carbon footprint. And I say, you know, I see Obama saying the single greatest problem this country has is global warming, OK? [Audience Boos] I tell you what.
Together, we had obliterated the killers of ISIS. We wiped them out and terminated its founder and leader, al-Baghdadi. We had healed the divide in the Gulf Cooperation Council, it's a very big deal, and united the nations of the region to stand against the enemies of all civilization. We imposed unprecedented sanctions on Iran and starved the regime of resources to fund terror.
They were going to destroy our auto manufacturing, the little that we have left. We probably have 40 percent compared to what we had years ago, and they were going to destroy. They were going to build the biggest auto plant in the world, and I heard about it through a man that was building the plant, the best in the world.
Think of that, I left, it was at 1.4 percent. And the annual government spending over $1.5 trillion more than projected in 2020 alone -- $1.5 trillion. But under the Trump administration, all of that is changing faster and more dramatically than anyone ever thought possible. They didn't think it was possible to do what we've done in just a very short period of time.
Oh, we won. Isn't it wonderful? Then you have -- another election comes up, pretty quick -- two years. All of these congressmen can tell you. You see the senators. They like their term a little bit better. [Laughter] How about changing some of them to two years, too? I don't think it's going to be. That would be a tough vote in the Senate, wouldn't it?
As part of our effort to provide regulatory clarity, we will create a framework to enable the safe and responsible expansion of staple stable coins. Do you know what a stable coin is? Does anybody know? Please raise your hand. Allowing us to extend the dominance of the US dollar to new frontiers all around the world.
Unthinkable. Jobless claims just fell to a nearly 50-year low; jobless claims. Isn't that nice? Think of it, jobless claims. So number one, the people are happy. Number two, the country's saving a fortune, think of it. Jobless claims fell to a 50-year low. We've created over 4 million new jobs since our election.
No? You don't like him? All right. Look, he's fine. He's two-faced. A lot of people don't like him. A lot of people don't like him, frankly. But look, Ted Cruz has a problem. He's got a problem. He was born in Canada. He was -- he's a Canadian citizen until just recently. Canadian citizen and he's running for president.
We're not respected by anybody. If I were elected, you wouldn't have had Ukraine, thousands, hundreds of thousands, and include Russia. All of these people that are dying, fighting, they would have never been fighting. Zero chance. Number one, oil was so low that they wouldn't have had the money to prosecute the war.
You wouldn't have had that -- the most embarrassing day in the history of our country, in my opinion, Afghanistan, the way they -- not that they got out. We were getting out, but we were going to get out with dignity and strength. We got out, an embarrassment, the likes of which this country has never suffered.
I'd like to ask a man who's with us tonight, and he's been with me the entire way. Ambassador David Friedman, just come up and say a few words and give us a little of that wisdom, please. Thank you.
We gave you the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts in American history. The radical Democrat Congress has passed one of the largest tax hikes in American history. You know that. All this stuff that you're seeing now where they're taking trillions of dollars for the Green New Deal, it's like throwing it right out the window.
All they do is complain and then they want to put men in women's sports and things like that. They want men in women's sports. They're still fighting for that. I saw this poor guy. You all know him. I won't mention his name. He's sort of a nice guy. He's a loser. He's a Democrat, but he's a loser. And he was fighting on a big show this morning.
One hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls in October, 150,000. And nearly a quarter of a million people dropped out of the labor force over a very short period of time. Just think, a few months ago, they had fraudulently claimed -- these people are crooks. They had fraudulently claimed that they had 818,000 jobs created, and it was a fraud.
But it's too long a story and it's too cold to be talkin' about the building. The heck with it, right? And instead of endless wars, we are forging peace in the Middle East. We have already three countries and many more lined up. No more blood in the sand, no more crazy money spent all over the place. No.
So, they're -- they're towing these cars all over the place. You see cars, beautiful, nice, brand-new cars being towed to a charger. It's ridiculous. And by the way, I'm a believer in electric cars. It's fine. But, you know, whatever the market bears. If they want to have gasoline -- we have more gasoline than anybody on Earth, right?
Iran was broke under Trump and the Trump administration. They didn't have the money to fund Hamas and Hezbollah and all of the other instruments of terror. They had no money at all. But those sanctions were lifted by the corrupt Biden administration, and now Iran is a rich country with $200 billion and another $6 billion for hostages.
I don't think so. She would like to make the government of our country just like the country from where she came, Somalia, no government, no safety, no police, no nothing, just anarchy. And now, she's telling us how to run our country. No, thank you. And I think -- I think, we're going to have a big victory in the state of Minnesota because they've had it. They've had it. Biden is a very willing Trojan horse for socialism.
Another great friend of mine, one of the most brilliant men you'll ever meet. A phenomenal world-class poker player, you wouldn't even know it. He doesn't do that for a living. He makes money for a living in every way. You cannot make a deal with this guy and come out on top. It's impossible. In fact, I'm thinking about him for China.
And then by September, we'll do something." Do you believe it? I said, "Well, if I don't do well, I would have done that." You know, why not? I'm not -- you know, if I'm not doing well, if it's obvious, there's a problem. We just went to No. 1 in the polls. Yeah. So -- so, NBC went nuts. They renewed the show, and they don't have their star.
How about all these people? How about Kamala? Kamala runs. She's sort of one of the favorites. And she goes from 15 to 13 to 12 to 9 to 7, 5, 4. About 1, she got out. She didn't even get to Iowa. She never got there. She didn't want to take a vote. That's how bad she was. Don't you want to pick a person that's gone in the opposite direction? [Applause] I mean, seriously. That's like a free poll.
Um, Hunter, I know they're giving you approximately $168,000 a month. I hear they paid you a big check of $3 million, I just want to speak, on behalf of NBC, who's absolutely one of the worst, I just want to tell you. Hunter, Hunter, I just want to tell you, I couldn't be happier for you and your family and I know you don't know anything about energy, and I know it's an energy company.
We got the FDA for fast approvals, they would've taken years and years, and they're doing it, they came to me on one, "Sir, this will take approximately two years." I said, "Nope, I need it approved tomorrow." They said, "That's not good." We got it. We got it. But this is the most important election in the history of our country.
We've created nearly 4 million new jobs since the election and lifted almost 4 million Americans off of food stamps. We've added almost 500,000 new manufacturing jobs since election, 500,000.
When I have a whole party and a deep state and some Never Trumpers. They are a dying breed, though, the good thing they're on respirator. They're on respirator. They're on mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. You can do it, I'm not doing it. They're mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, the Never Trumpers. But do you think it's easy, it's not.
This is no longer games. This is the saving of Israel. And I'm going to mention it. We're making a big statement in a little while at another conference, also very important. And I'm going to mention it again and again. I believe that Israel will be wiped off the face of the earth if I don't win, and that's a big statement.
If you added everything [Audio gap] nobody ran, and the crowd experts say when there's a shot fired like in a soccer stadium, the whole place, they call it a stampede. They run for the gates. Nobody ran because they saw I was in trouble. And it's an amazing thing. I'm telling you, this is a movement the likes of which nobody has ever seen before.
Thank you, Brenna. Incredible. I think you're the most popular politician right now in Iowa, although I'd say big Matt. Matt, stand up. Big Matt is right there, too. Matt Whitaker, former attorney general. State Representative Brooke Boden. Brooke, thank you. Great job, Brooke. Thank you very much.
He only works about two hours a day. And I understand. I mean, it's OK. But she can't really do it. She hasn't got the aptitude or the IQ or anything. She can't do it. So, who the hell do you call? [Audience chants "Trump"] Well, I don't know if they have a choice. There's nobody you can call. You ever have that? You're calling a company -- like, a nice company, and there's all flux and trouble.
Two hundred and sixteen thousand dollars to hire an event planner for a 4th of July party in Madrid; $88,000 to send three comedians to India. These are the things. More than $250,000 to purchase art in Mexico, where they're taking our companies and our jobs, now we're buying art. [Booing]
Did you see a certain gentleman the other day said, "Donald Trump doesn't take care of foreign workers." I said, "He's right." [Booing] That was Charles Koch, Charles Koch who's actually a nice guy. They're members of my clubs, David and Charles Koch. But he said, "Donald Trump doesn't take care of foreign workers." I said, "Hey, he's right." I mean, [Inaudible]. I don't want to get into an argument, he's right. I want to take care of the American workers. I want to be America first, OK?
They have run the government for their benefit and they've profited from your pain. You see what's happening. And by the way, folks, you're highly sophisticated. And I always say I have the smartest people, smartest... Applause and Cheering] ...the smartest. And I have the most loyal people... [Applause and Cheering] ...by far, and that's borne out in every poll they take. In fact, they are very worried, you know, with all the polls that are happening.
Clinton blames it all on a video, an excuse that was a total lie. Our Ambassador was murdered and our Secretary of State misled the nation -- and by the way, she was not awake to take that call at 3 o'clock in the morning.
They've never seen -- they call it a phenomena. I will tell you. If it doesn't work out, it will be a tremendous waste of time, energy and money. And she's angry for even suggesting it. Applause] But we're going to -- hey look, November 8 you go and vote. We're winning. I'll tell you what. If you vote, we're winning. Applause] There's no way they can beat us. [Applause] There's no way she can beat us because her people have no enthusiasm whatsoever. They're not going to turn out. They don't have the enthusiasm.
Remember when the New York governor, Governor Cuomo, said he needs 40,000 ventilators? [Audience boos]
Well thank you all very much. It is great to be back in Ohio. We love Ohio. You remember Ohio. Oh, boy. It was supposed to be close. It wasn't close. [Laughter] And so wonderful to speak on the shores of the very magnificent Ohio River.
Can you please get them a yourselves? Can you please get them a yourselves? Can you please get them a good location is pretty tight in here, good location is pretty tight in here, good location is pretty tight in here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so nice. So thank you. Thank you. Thank you so nice.
The first president to do it for that long period. The world was at peace. America was prospering and our country was on track for an amazing future because I made big promises to the American people. And unlike other presidents, I kept my promises, I kept that. [Audience chants "Trump."]
Open up your state, Madam Governor, open up your state. Just like crazy Nancy Pelosi, your governor is a liberal hypocrite who lives by a different set of rules. Her husband was caught trying to put his boat in the water on Memorial Day weekend while she was ordering the people of Michigan to stay in their homes and forcing businesses into bankruptcy left and right.
We have a different world today than we had 40 years ago and 60 years ago we have a different world. Even the Soviet Union is now Russia. But let's say Russia's damn strong so leave it for that. But you know what. It's a different world and I see things that a lot of people don't. I said take the oil. You shouldn't. I also said don't go into Iraq.
No. They're not. They're just very intel. I would do it if I were them. I would be -- I would do it much faster. I can't believe they still have some left. But their jails are getting to be very empty. And what they're doing is they're literally dropping them in. They're busing them in, and they're bringing them in. And they're saying, "Don't ever come back.
Terrorism has spread across the world. But the path to peace begins right here, on this ancient soil, in this sacred land.
Bush would make a speech. Obama would make a speech. They'd all go and make speeches, and they'd leave, and that'd be it. I didn't make a speech. I said, what are you doing? I looked at the books. I said, we're paying 90%, maybe even 100%, of NATO. So we're defending you militarily, and you're taking advantage of us on trade.
She came out and endorsed us and woman. She came out and endorsed us and that was so nice and so great and I - that was so nice and so great and I - that was so nice and so great and I think that had an impact and on the think that had an impact. And on the think that had an impact and on the border who's better than Sheriff Joe of border who's better than Sheriff Joe of border who's better than Sheriff Joe of Arizona, right?
And that's real interference. So, now we don't have to lock them up. They should lose their license, which is worth billions of dollars. But we brought together veterans and union members, soldiers and steelworkers, farmers and autoworkers, and patriotic moms and dads of every race, religion, color, and creed.
And I said, "I'm going to put tariffs on those cars and if 100 percent isn't enough, I'll make it two. They're not going to have one car come into the United States. They'll be sitting there with all these cars. They're never coming in because all they're going to do is destroy our automobile manufacturing business."
It's great to be among so many friends for the second time this week. Tuesday was an incredible evening, as we were all inspired. [Applause] And I really mean that. We were inspired by America's heroes and uplifted by everyone who has sacrificed in the fight for freedom.
If I didn't think it had the potential it had, if I didn't think it could be saved, I'd feel terribly but I wouldn't be doing it. I wouldn't do it because I'd say, well, wait a minute, maybe we can do something so spectacular. We have to let this country really go. We have to get rid of these rules, regulations, stuff that was put in for other reasons.
I love speaking about it because I can help people. One of the things I said is, you've got to love with you do, but you can never -- and this applies to so many young, incredible people in this room -- you can never, ever give up. You can never give up. If you give up, you're not going to make it.
Thank you, Texas. Thank you.
They love to say that, it's going to hurt, because they give disinformation. They say a lie like the soldiers in the graves and they put it in. Can you imagine? No, No animal that I know would say that, nobody. They make up a lie and then they go with it. Social Security, they said four years ago. Now they say it again, he will, by the way, your Social Security, we never touched it, not even touched it, they said, "He will destroy your Social Security." No, they will destroy it because they'll destroy your country and your Social Security will be worthless.
Hopefully, we never have to use it. Peace through strength. Peace through strength. As your Commander-in-Chief, I want you to know that we will pursue and maintain the overwhelming strength we need to deter any aggressor and thrash any foe. For that reason, I am committed to building the Air Force we need with the full strength of 386 squadrons.
He's a - have a guy like Lindsey Graham, he's a sitting senator and you go to South, sitting senator and you go to South, sitting senator and you go to South Karen, by the way, his plan, I know so much, Karen, by the way, his plan. I know. So much, Karen, by the way, his plan, I know so much more than he does.
They'll never forget what happened to this country over the last four years with the incompetence. There could be no higher honor than to serve as your commander in chief. It is a great honor. I look at you, you just incredible people, central casting, I might add. To each and every one of you, I thank you for your unwavering devotion to the armed forces and to the country that we've all sworn a sacred oath to defend.
I said, but it's very dangerous. This is a friend of mine from New York. I said, but it's very dangerous, are you sure you want to do it? I never thought of him as being a warrior, but he is a warrior. He loves his country. He said, If I'm injured or die, I'm dying for a country that I love. He grew up there.
What a beautiful family. He was a beautiful person. He was 31 years old, gunned down during a traffic stop by a vicious thug, just horrible, leaving his beautiful young wife behind, a son, Ryan, behind, 1-year-old son. And it was the saddest day, it was a horrible thing, opened the door and just started shooting him.
It can't work. I mean, go and take a look at Springfield, go and take a look. And the governor is a Republican. He's a nice man. I helped him very much. Without me, he wouldn't have been elected. But he's taken an attitude like, oh, isn't it wonderful? Look, you got to do what you got to do. You got to get these people back where they came from.
First of all, we did nothing wrong. It helps when you've done nothing wrong after six years. Remember all the things we want to get this paper. We want to get that. We want to get all this stuff. And you know what it's proved? It's proved that I'm really wealthy. I have very little debt. I have a lot of cash.
We are a nation that is begging Venezuela and Saudi Arabia and others. We're begging them for oil. "Please, please, please help us," he says. Yet we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other country anywhere in the world. We are a nation that is consumed by the radical left's Green New Deal, yet everyone knows that the Green New Deal will lead to our destruction.
So, it's the greatest movement of all time in this country and I think probably largely beyond this country. But if we win this time, this will be bigger than anything we've ever done. This will be at a level that's never been done, much bigger than had we done it the traditional way, which we did do, but we just didn't get credit for it. But we did do it. We'll win it three times.
No, I said, President, do you have a drug problem in China? "No, no, no, I don't have it. Why would we have a drug problem?" I said, well, what do you do? "Oh, quick trial." I said, what's a quick trial? Quick trial is they bring drug dealers quickly to trial. And if they're guilty, it's immediate execution.
We're going to get it all down, but think of that: $50 million. Now, I assume it's a strong fence. [Laughter] Okay? So, John, do you think you could do it for slightly less than $50 million? I think he could take $49 off right now and he'd have plenty of profit. Right? Right, John? It's crazy. [Applause] It's crazy. Never understand it, but we're working on it.
Somehow, I don't see Indiana being the next Venezuela, I just don't see it, right? We don't see it. That's what would happen, too. At the center of this election is the issue of border security, so important. We've now started the wall in San Diego, and we're doing another ninety. It's like pulling teeth to get the money from these Democrats.
Whoa. Well, I have to say this, look, I have to. We have to be fair. So did you see what happened today? You know the yearbook? Did you see that? There was a little mistake made. She started writing things in the yearbook. Oh, what are we going to do? Gloria Allred, anytime you see her you know something's going wrong.
And remember the deportation of 800 people? Turned out to be 800 people, then went to 1,800 people.
And we have blue ribbon committees, blue ribbon committees made up of socialites and nice people, but they don't really understand what this is all about. Remember this, if you do the death penalty for drug dealers, you will cut crime in this country I think by more than 80% immediately. If it's a meaningful death penalty, it'll take place immediately.
Greatest, greatest in history. He's the greatest in history at buying commercials. And he's a patriot too. You know, the FBI raided him. They took his phone. I don't know what the hell they're going to learn about pillows. I don't know what they want. They'll know everything there is to know about pillows.
Great people. By the way, I see a couple of other people. Do you mind if I introduce two? Kash. Stand up, Kash. Kash Patel. And I spotted him. I spotted him. You had no problems when he was in charge. You know who that is? Sheriff Joe. Sheriff Joe. Oh, stand up. [Applause] Brandon, sign him up immediately.
You see it starting. There's conflict all over the world. Remember, Israel would have never happened. Ukraine would have never happened. You wouldn't have had inflation. China wouldn't be talking about Taiwan. But here are just a few of the toxic positions that make Nikki and Ron DeSanctimonious completely unelectable.
Expressing rare faith in the future, he was instrumental in kick -- starting the regeneration of neighborhoods and landmarks almost given up for dead." That's what I want to do for our country -- I want to go into the neglected neighborhoods, the failing schools, the forgotten stretches of this nation, and unlock their potential for all of our people.
That's a great thing. And the care is better. More importantly, the care is even better. A recent study published in the Journal of American Medical Association found that wait times are now shorter for primary care at the VA than at private sector doctors and hospitals. How about that? Good job.
And we're doing incredible, the relationship -- what we've done -- is incredible what we've done is incredible. But I say the same thing to the people living in New York, California, Illinois. Automatic wins for the Democrats. I say "Vote for Trump. We'll cut your taxes, we'll get you back, we'll bring it back." I say "What the Hell do you have to lose?
And you know this is your 99th year, so I was very disappointed to hear that. [Laughter] You understand. A hundred is so much cooler, I have to be honest. [Laughter] So I'll be back, I think. Next year, I'll come back. All right? We'll come back. [Applause]
I gave it to all my people, Mnuchin, all smart guys. They came back, "Sir, they won't do it. They won't budge." I said they'll budge. I called them up, and I talked to the president of France, Emmanuel Macron. He's a nice guy. I said --but he's -- he likes France. I like the USA. Does that make sense? I said, Emmanuel, it's so nice to talk to you.
Our task is to defeat socialism, to defeat Marxism, communism, to defeat the cartels and the criminals and the human traffickers trafficking women, and that means defeating Kamala Harris in a landslide. We want a landslide this November. We want something too big to rig. Too big to rig. [Audience chants "Too big to rig"] Too big to rig.
Got to win -- got to win North Carolina. Thank you. [Applause]
People can come into our country. We want them to come in. They have to come in legally, and they have to come in through merit. Just imagine the insanity that will ensue if Pelosi is speaker, Schumer is crying Chuck, majority leader, Kamala Harris. She makes Bernie Sanders look like a very strict conservative.
We're cutting your taxes, they're raising your taxes. That's, uh, an easy one to figure out isn't it? This election is a choice between a Trump super recovery or a Biden depression, if he even gets to run. It's a choice between getting a safe vaccine and getting back in and working. And by the way, you have a governor here today, he's done a great job, and he's kept you open.
Thank you. Thank you. And thank you to the fire marshal. They've got a lot of people outside. But they've got a lot in, so I appreciate it. So thank you very much. [Applause]
And everywhere the Republican party has the chance, we must pass critical -- We have to do this critical election integrity reforms, including universal voter ID, Citizenship confirmation. They're fighting us on citizenship confirmation. Can you believe it? Now, the only reason somebody wouldn't want to do that, think of it, is they have to cheat.
Well, that's so great. Congratulations. That's great. Thank you. Fantastic. Thank you. Thank you, darling. You take care of yourself. Thank you. Thank you very much. So many great people it's amazing.
And he said, "Donald, Donald, that is not fair." I said, "No, it's not fair that you're charging our companies this massive tax because they happen to be American companies. I said, we're not a stupid country anymore, Emmanuel." He's used to -- he's used to dealing with stupid people over here because we have -- we've had some beauties, the deals that we allow.
They're not stupid. They see what's happening. So, he's lost all of -- I think he's -- I think he's lost every high roller. And they said, "What's his problem?" I said, "He's got no personality. I could have told you that a long time ago." A politician needs a little personality, but I think he's over. And, you know, we just got some polls.
So -- but I'm going to go sleepy Joe just for the rest of this particular wild -- this is a wild time in Philadelphia. [Audience responds affirmatively]
So, they actually went over there. They built a massive plant. It's not the way it's supposed to work. But you know what, if they play that game, we have to play that game, too. We have to do the same thing. It's a very simple game. We want factories to be built in our country, not in other countries -- going to happen.
Vernon Jones is going to do an incredible job in Congress, and he has my complete and total endorsement. Come on, Vernon.
Oh, do I look forward to that debate. I look so forward to that debate. But -- but think of this, so CNN, a few weeks later has another debate. And they get the largest audience they've ever had in the history of CNN. You know, it's pretty impressive. Right? And variety in the magazine say, "The Trump debate drew record ratings." OK. Just like they said the profits.
[Audience boos] So -- so, first of all, the sound up there is lousy. So, here's what happens. I tell my people immediately, "Don't pay the bill for the guy that did that," OK? And then they get a story. "Trump doesn't want to pay the bill." No. You know, when people do a lousy job, they did a lousy job with the sound.
Anybody that gets up isn't coming down so easily, right? Now we're going to build a wall but these politicians come up to me and they say, "You really can't build a wall. You're just kidding, aren't you." I said, "I don't kid. I don't kid." I don't kid, let me tell you. We're going to build a wall. And then I explained to him that 2,000 years ago, the Great Wall of China was built and it's 13,000 thousand miles long.
We've never seen anything like it. You can go around any place in the country now and you have signs all over the place, Trump and Trump. And by the way, how good did JD Vance do the other night? [Applause] Right? That was a good pick. That was a good pick. That was a very good pick. But from the very beginning of this journey, I've been on a mission to rescue our nation from a failed and corrupt political establishment and corrupt people.
They can't speak English, they came here illegally, and they're destroying Social Security. And I will never let it happen. And I will -- I'll tell you, I never did let it happen. And I didn't do the -- you know, they want to do and they're going to do, I have no doubt about it, a big way -- an increase in age and wage because what that means is you're going to go way up in terms of when you qualify.
He loves this state, also, and he's done a great job as governor, Governor Bill Haslam. Thank you. Thank you, Bill. Thank you. And Lieutenant Governor Randy McNally, thank you. Thank you, Randy. Great. Great job. Thank you. Great job. And very importantly, we have Tennessee's next governor, Bill Lee. And a man who did a fantastic job during the election for Trump.
Stand up, your son. Good looking. Good looking son. I met him backstage, he found he had a knack for turning around poorly performing restaurants. And today his family owns nearly 60 McDonald's all along the East Coast, including at the Pentagon where I voted numerous Big Macs, right? In fact, he served one of the great football team came in, they served -- they served McDonald's and you'd have these guys walking out the biggest human beings I've ever seen.
Your border has been completely erased and violent crime in Houston, Dallas, Austin, and other Democrat-run cities is totally out of control. There's only one way to end this -- this is madness. What's happening to our country is madness. If you support the decline and fall of America, then vote for the radical left Democrats.
They made up many about me and I fought them off. I want to tell you, if anybody else were the nominee, they would have done the same thing to them and they wouldn't have been able to take it. I think front row Joes would agree if those people that were running against me in the Republican primary, had they succeeded, and you have to say they didn't even come close.
Although, now with the tariffs, the United States is by far the richest nation in the world, as you probably have been reading. But the richest nations, most powerful nations, uh, you know, tremendous, uh, tremendous -- Headed by some tremendous people in many cases. Some cases, I wouldn't say necessarily I would endorse.
They did very well and I'll tell you what, cops love Trump, Trump loves cops. Our bold pursuit of this pro-American agenda has enraged, and you know what's happened, it's enraged the failed ruling-class in Washington, not easy to get them out, but we're doing it slowly but surely. These corrupt politicians and the radical leftist got rich bleeding America dry and they knew that by-election would finally end their pillaging and looting of our country.
It's incredible, actually. I sort of say to my sons, it's like incredible because they know so much about it. It's so -- they're so aware of it, much more so than people that are a little bit older. But I say this is the steel industry of a 100 years ago. Really is. I think you're just in your infancy. I can see it happening.
And I said, you know what? If -- by that time, I did really a lot of [Inaudible]. It was Lyndon Johnson -- see? They're all nodding their heads. It was Lyndon Johnson in the 1970s, and they say he was having a problem with either one or more churches. And they were really going after him, and he wanted to silence the church.
And she's not going to get a chance to destroy our country any further. We're going to get it back fast. She wants to ban fracking. And as California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as a totally nonviolent crime. She pledged to confiscate your guns.
I could tell you some stories. They don't go after -- they don't go after the tough ones. We have the toughest people, but our toughest people don't need to do that and hopefully they never will. Hopefully, they never will. But we have incredible people. But they always go after people that are non-fighters, people that are not going to do anything bad, other than they'll write or they'll put down their feelings.
How does it compare to a German Shepherd?" The guy looks at and says, "Sir, honestly, it's not as good." Can you believe it? A German Shepard. Certain types of dogs, pretty good. You do love your dogs, don't you? I wouldn't mind having one, honestly, but I don't have any time, I don't have -- How would I look walking a dog on the White House lawn, would that be -- Right, sort of not for -- I don't know, it doesn't -- I don't feel good.
Sean Duffy is doing terrifically. I want one bid. I want just bid, and they're responsible for everything, not where you had -- they had like a thousand contractors. Every contractor, they're all running around. In the end, if one of them does a bad job -- we want to be able to blame somebody and it's going to be one of the very big companies, because there's a lot of interest in it. So the air traffic control system is going to be rebuilt.
Mike Pence from Indiana, AAA rating, one of the most incredible stories for any state. Indiana, great state, great people. Bobby Knight endorsed me. That was the end of that, right? [Applause]
No, you take the military out last. You get your people out first. You get your equipment out, you get your people that have helped us out. There are those people. Of course, we won a war. We took people that we have no idea who they are. We didn't take the people that helped us. We took whoever was able to get into those airplanes.
I don't know, 30-something groups. It was so beautiful to see. I, you, all of us, we have received accolades. And I say all of us because this is a movement, folks. This is not like a normal situation. Look at this room. Look at the size of this room. And there are thousands of people. And I got wiped out getting off the plane.
We will cancel all illegal and overreaching Executive Orders signed by President Obama. [Applause]
Also, a special thank you to North Carolina's very talented -- everyone is talking about him -- they're all talking about him. And I have a feeling he has his mind made up. He's going to be going for a little different position, slightly higher, in two years: Dan Forest -- your lieutenant governor.
It is. I'm not even running for office. Look at this crowd. No, look at this crowd. I'm not even running. Think of it. Think of it. You know, the president came to North Carolina, just a nice president, a good president, even a really good president, like Ronald Reagan. If a president came to North Carolina, what would happen?
The Trump administration will immediately begin negotiating and we will start this negotiation so fast. We will start a negotiation on NAFTA, and if we don't get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much, much better trade deal. [Applause]
We will defeat ISIS overseas.
We got to help our farmers, sir. Yes, OK. We're going to help the farmer. They were great. Lieutenant Governor, Adam Gregg. Thank you, Adam. Great job, Adam. Speaker of the Iowa House of Representatives, a man with really fantastic genes, got to have like the best genes in the world. Although, you had a next Governor here that had very good genes too.
And then you look what's going on. Smollett is still trying to get away with it. He would have been better off if he paid his hundred-thousand-dollar bill. Chicago is, unfortunately, the worst sanctuary city in America. Chicago protects criminals at a level few could even imagine. Last year, in Cook County alone, ICE asked local law enforcement people to, "Please, pretty please, we beg you, we'll do anything necessary to stop crime.
And it was a tough one because, in all fairness, that was a tough race because of what had happened just previous to the election. But I went with McCain, didn't win. Romney's a nice guy. I went with Romney, it didn't work. I said, "So we lost here, we lost here. This year, we're going to do it ourselves, folks.
The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, and demeaned your sacred faith and values, they support Joe Biden. And I see where they wanna defund your, your great Philadelphia police, and you have great police. They wanna -- They wanna defund your Philadelphia police.
Many African-Americans have succeeded so greatly in this country, we will honor and protect their achievements. That includes lowering taxes for our small business owners to fifteen percent.
But they're very, very bad. Now we're approaching the most important battle of our lives. As we gather today, our beloved nation is teetering on the edge of tyranny. We know that. Our enemies are waging war on freedom and faith, on science and religion, on history and tradition, on law and democracy, on the family, on children and on America itself.
On my first day back in the White House, I will terminate every open border policy of the Biden administration, stop the invasion on our southern border and begin the largest domestic deportation operation in American history. We have no choice. No country can sustain this. We will restore law and order to our communities, and I will direct a completely overhaul DOJ to investigate every radical, out of control prosecutor, of which we have many.
That's a big, big deal. Today, I ask to help us achieve an all-time record for registering church members in 2020. We have the record. Now, we're going to break it again. We got a tremendous vote, tremendous, the biggest ever, and we also had the biggest percentage ever, 84%. We've got to do better than that.
But we are not going backwards, we're going forwards. I need your vote for a republican house. I need your vote for a republican senate. So we can continue this incredible movement, the greatest political movement in the history of our country. And I say it all the time. And they can challenge it. Greatest movement in the history of our country.
So let me state this as clearly as I can. If I'm elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.
... who you can be proud of and who will respect the Constitution of the United States. [Applause]
But I'll do them at the same time. We're going to bring down your cost at a level that you wouldn't believe because that's what you have to do. We're going to have -- we will give you -- you know, your electric costs are -- here are the highest in the nation. I think you probably know that. We will bring down your energy costs within the first 12 months of my administration by 5-0, 50 percent, and it will be easy.
So it's a lie and lying Ted. And then Marco over here, Marco, what he does, but most importantly, what is he? He's a choke artist who never goes to vote. I mean, here's a guy representing Florida, has the worst attendance record in the last 20 years in the U.S. Senate. Who the hell wants him to represent you?
It's gonna be right a second time folks. It's gonna happen, happen happen because we're tired of incompetent because we're tired of incompetent because we're tired of incompetent people. We're tired of incompetent people. We're tired of incompetent people. We're tired of incompetent leadership and incompetent people and leadership and incompetent people and leadership and incompetent people and Hillary Clinton.
Wow, what a job. Thank you. Thank you. Can't say it better than that. But I want to thank you all for your courage, because you're really living proof that law-abiding gun owners make a tremendous, tremendous difference. Tremendous difference. You know, Paris, France, they say, has the strongest gun laws in the world.
We are going to do it by emphasizing what we all have in common as Americans. It's time to break with the failures of the past and to fight for every last child in this country to have the better future they deserve. [Applause]
Today, we renew our devotion to the cause of liberty for which they so selflessly lived and fought and so bravely died. There could be no greater tribute to their memory than to prepare the army to dominate America's enemies for the next 250 years and more than that. That's why under the Trump administration; we're focused on restoring the spirit of the US armed forces.
No country has ever prospered that failed to put its own interests first. Both our friends and enemies put their countries above ours and we, while being fair to them, must do the same.
Germany, you know, decided to go green. And they were going to go green, they're going to go out of business. And they've now started to build coal-fired plants all over the place. So, they've gone from one extreme to the other. But good clean coal, and it's OK, and it has power. And obviously, gas, natural gas.
And I said, "We're going to do something about it." I saved Obamacare when we got John McCain's negative vote. You know, he voted against it after campaigning for many, many years. He said, "Thumbs down." That was an amazing night, but we're going to fix it because it's a catastrophe for family budgets. Even Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren.
He said they're gone. And they've been incredible. In a second term, I'll provide school choice to every parent in America and we'll also take good care of our teachers. Our teachers are very, very important to me, very important. Nothing more important. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans.
I mean, I'm gonna send the Congressmen back to Washington with that message. But we'll send the real message on November 8th. Right? We'll send the real message on November 8th. [Applause]
You're not allowed to use those terms, but that's what it is, some of it. If she's elected, she will flood our country with refugees from Hamas-controlled terrorist epicenter in Gaza, the Gaza Strip. She wants to deposit thousands of jihadist sympathizers in Minnesota. You know that. You already have enough.
And I called Elon. I said, "Elon, you got to do me a favor. Do yourself a favor. Do humanity. They got to get this thing you have called Starlink. And you got to get it fast, Elon." And I talked to him for a couple of seconds, literally. And I got a call from the guy from North Carolina thanking me for getting Starlink.
He was really a big, he was a big heart on this team. Please.
NAFTA has devastated manufacturing right here in Ohio, and in Michigan, and Pennsylvania, and all over New England. And in the state of North Carolina, where I just left. Right now, if Ford builds a car in Ohio and exports it to Mexico, Mexico slaps us with a huge value-added tax, or a back-door tariff.
I love you, sir. I love you, sir." "But you're a Never Trumper." "No, no. I've changed." But as soon as things get a little bit tough, those Never Trumpers are gone. They stick with what brings them. You know, it's very interesting with Social Security. When a guy votes against Social Security and votes for the minimum age range, you know, there are many other things we could do. We don't have to do that.
Honduras, all of these, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico. But they wouldn't take them back. They wouldn't take them back at all. And when I came into office, I said, "We got to get these MS-13 killers." We had thousands of them in our country. They were set out by the countries where they came from, mostly those countries I just named.
Far worse, not even close. Far worse. Far worse. So what we're going to do is we're going to start thinking smart. We're going to be smart again. We're going to make great military and by the way, I said for years, we've got to keep the oil. I said, keep the oil. You leave, you keep the oil. We didn't do it. We didn't do it.
It's amazing how it's upon us, right? It's upon us. We're going to have the four greatest years in the history of our country. And remember this. We had the greatest economy. We had -- we had a tremendous success. Think of all the things we did. The best border. You never would have had Ukraine being attacked by Russia.
I'm your agent, I do not want you to do this show." So I said, "You know, Jim, I have a problem, I shook the hand of NBC and I shook the hand of Mark Burnett." Who also is known for having done The Survivor, which is another great one. I think Apprentice is better, but these are minor details. I said,  "I shook his hand." He said, "It doesn't matter, you can't do it." I said, "I have to do it." Anyway, time goes by, we do the show, it goes on. It starts at No. 10, it goes to 8, it goes to 5 and 4. It then goes to No. 2, and the following week it's the No. 1 show on television.
As long as you remain loyal, faithful, and true, then our enemies don't even stand a chance, our rights will never be stolen, our freedoms will never be trampled, our destiny will never be denied, and the United States of America will never be defeated. With the grace of God and the heroes of West Point, America will always prevail. Nothing will stand in your way, nothing will slow you down, and nothing will stop the West Point Class of 2020 from achieving a true and lasting victory.
I said, "I want to charge him whatever. If it's 80% or if it's 25%, I want to -- "
Nothing got done. They'd have to wait for doctors for two weeks, four weeks. The VA's Office Of Inspector General found that over three hundred thousand veterans died under the last administration waiting for care. When I came into office I signed the V.A. Accountability Act. More than eleven thousand five hundred V.A. workers who were not giving our veterans the kind of care and respect that they deserved, we said, "Get out.
And they said "Oh, he's not an American" you know, they knew what they were doing. They knew what they were doing. We're all deeply disturbed and upset by the lying, cheating, robbing, stealing that's gone on with our elections. We know the democrats will have dead people voting, and you gotta watch it.
That's a lot of fake news. That's a hell of a lot of fake news. The fakers, I call them now. I'm sort of lightening up. I'm starting to like them, too. I don't know what it would be like to get good publicity. I really don't. They treat me so badly. They are the worst. [Audience member calls out "Boo"] And yet, it works.
I mentioned equipment previously, and I said equipment. We're going to have the finest equipment in the world. It's going to be new, it's going to be modern, it's going to be clean, it's going to be the best. That's what we're going to have. We're not going to be a depleted military anymore. [Applause]
Only one of them got through, and that was limping through. I got hit two. Think of it, why don't we have that? Why don't we have that? We're going to have a great iron dome the best. You know, Ronald Reagan wanted it. But really, at that time, that was a long time ago, we didn't have the technology. Today, you have incredible technology.
I'm sorry. You've got to pay. We're going to protect, you've got to pay. Get the money. You've got to pay. You've got to pay! I have friends in the audience, they're good businessmen. They're looking like, absolutely. They -- but you're not a politician. A politician doesn't -- you got to pay. Japan is an immensely wealthy country.
Can you imagine what the federal government is wasting? And when you see the kind of waste, fraud, corruption, it's incredible. With the Wollman rinks, I had a, you know, an ice skating rink and I have a daughter, Ivanka, who everybody knows. She was a little girl now. And she said to me, Daddy, I'd like to go ice skate.
But as a result, the national organization, as you know, has refused to endorse the Democrat candidate for president for the first time in decades. I mean, it's been a long time. And I want to thank Teamsters president Sean O'Brien and all of the incredible rank-and-file Teamsters that did this. This was a big shocker for -- it wasn't shocking to me.
We don't have much time, but history is watching, it's waiting to. But history is watching, it's waiting to. But history is watching. It's waiting to see if we will rise to the occasion and see if we will rise to the occasion and see if we will rise to the occasion. And if we will show the whole world that if we will show the whole world that if we will show the whole world that America is still free and independent America is still free and independent America is still free and independent and strong.
We will strongly protect Medicare and Social Security and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars, and that's very exciting. And all of that is happening. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore patriotic education to our schools, that's happening.
They said that we are doing great. You know we defeated ISIS, just so you understand that. We defeated 100% of the ISIS caliphate, but when we see them forming, we go in and get them. Our military is unsurpassed but they did this while our cities at home fell into decay and disrepair. We spent $8 trillion in the Middle East and when we want to fix a road or a highway or a school, it's not easy to get the money, but we're getting it done anyway.
So, uh, we're with you all the way and you're gonna, I hope everyone's gonna do great and make a tremendous amount of money and create a lot of jobs under the historic trade deal with the Prime Minister that has signed today and private sector agreements that were signed moments ago. We'll be increasing our commerce very, very much further.
But there was a strict prohibition. Nobody wanted to give people the right to have medicine that maybe could make you better because they said, supposing it doesn't work. I said, if it doesn't work, they're going to die, and at least you're going to find out quickly. And it's one of the greatest successes.
He [Inaudible]. Where's Hunter? We haven't found him. He's still looking for his laptop from hell, that's where he is. Where's my laptop? Hunter, you left it at a repair shop, you never picked it up Hunt. And you know what they go, "Russia did it, Russia, Russia, Russia." Ah. Ron, it's Russia. I know. It's Russia.
They said they want to meet with President Trump. It was -- they couldn't believe it. The worst of them CNN, MSNBC, which is -- which is worse than I -- I think I have a new -- MSNBC, third rate, and NBC, which is horrible. Their newscast, by the way, is not doing well on NBC network, they're heading down the tubes.
And I tell the story, and I've seen them. I've supported them. I support so many people. So, I don't even know who the hell they are. Bing, bang, checks. "Who's he? Where's he from?" "He's a Republican." "OK. Good luck." They go down -- they go down to Washington, and something happens to them. You've heard me say it before, right?
Mike Pence did an incredible job. And I'm getting a lot of credit, because that's really my first so-called choice. That was my first hire, as we would say in Las Vegas. [Applause]
Together, they made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. But now we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years, where banks are collapsing and interest rates are skyrocketing. Likewise, we are a nation where energy costs have reached the highest levels in our history.
And he's really been with me a long time in a lot of different ways. He's been incredible, so I just want to thank Jon and I hope he makes another movie very quickly because I love his movies. In particular I wanted to thank our host, Tony Perkins, for his years of leadership, and we know all about that. [Applause]
We won everything. And then a friend came in and he said, Donald if you could ever get Bobby Knight. I said I think I can. This is like a year later. And I said to him Bobby Knight called me like a year ago and he said I should run. Let me see if I can find -- I lift up this pile of papers and there's this number like sitting there.
We're like a dumping ground. And they're taking them from 129 countries, we think. They don't have any idea. You know, Mayorkas, they have no idea what's happening. I had the greatest guys. I had the safest border in the history of our country. And now, we have the unsafest border in the history of the world because there's never been a country like it. But it's a -- it's a -- it's a horrible thing that's happening and very dangerous.
Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
And they're now in our country. They're not going to change. They're going to get worse, actually. So, we're here today in Prairie du Chien. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Is that a good -- [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] good pronunciation? You could have given me a little easier name than that, but I think -- I think we got it right. [Audience member calls out "You got it. Nailed it."]
But she actually told me, she said, "Thank you for that name," because I think that was my -- that was one of my beauties, too. We have a lot of beauties. But she wrote a great book about it, and it was indeed the laptop from hell. And you don't see anything happening. It's the "Laptop from Hell," and it's incredible.
It's such a good deal that Mexico and Canada -- you saw that Mexico and Canada want to get out of it. They'd like to get out of it. No, thanks. Because for years, years, years, they ripped us off with NAFTA. Now, we have the USMCA. And stood up to China like never before. We stood up to China, charging them hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and in tariffs.
You know, every drug dealer is responsible, on average, for the life of the dealer, for killing 500 people and, by the way, destroying families, terribly destroying families. And if we want to get rid of drugs, I'm sorry, I don't know that this country's ready for it. I think you should be ready for it because you take a look, but that's what you have to do with drug dealers, with drug dealers.
I got you all of that money. Without me, you wouldn't have had that money. They didn't want to give it to you. The Democrats. We fought for Michigan. We won for Michigan. And this November we are going to fight and win for Michigan once again. One of the first things we'll do is stand up for parents' rights.
In confronting these horrible dangers, we know that weakness is the surest path to conflict, and unmatched power is the surest means of our true, and great, defense. For this reason, I am asking the Congress to end the dangerous defense sequester and fully fund our great military. [Applause]
She's unfit to lead. She'll destroy our country in a year. This country will be destroyed. A vote for Kamala is a vote for four more years of dishonesty, incompetence, weakness, and failure. Other than that, she's doing an excellent job. A vote for Trump-Vance -- how do you like it? How do you like it? [Applause] JD Vance, how do you like him?
Thank you. Thank you. [Applause]
America250 will also host a brand new first of its kind youth athletes. It's a competition known as the Patriot Games. And it features top high school athletes from all 50 states. It's gonna be great. And this phenomenal patriot exporting event will be nationally televised and it'll be led by our great Secretary of Health and Human Services, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., who's really [Inaudible] -- he's great.
But every year, he said, for 50 years, they've gotten more efficient. They've gotten better. And now they want us to go all electric. And we'd be going back 50 years and much more. Fifty years ago, a truck was better than the best electric truck today. So, I said, "Did you explain that to the authorities as they burst into your office to demand that you go all electric?" He said, "I explained it. Why? They say, 'We don't give a damn. We want you to go all electric.'"
Good job. But in addition to our fantastic House speaker, we're pleased to be joined by Majority Leader Steve Scalise. And I watched you, too, Steve. I watched you on C- SPAN 1. And Steve has suffered greatly. I mean, I was there the night that it looked like he wasn't going to make it. He's very brave. He suffered greatly.
By the way, 1,600. Think of this actually. Sixteen thousand five hundred border patrol people endorsed me two weeks ago. They've never done that before. They've never endorsed. They never endorsed. Sixteen thousand five hundred, Sheriff Joe Arpaio from Arizona, the toughest on the border. Sheriff Joe, a great guy.
And we're going to protect a great new resource, something that really over the last fairly short period of time, from an energy standpoint, has become so important, and something so important to this area; natural gas. So we are going to keep our people working and we're going to have a lot more people working.
You know, we have a -- he's a great guy. I've known him a long time. He's a great guy, and he really wants what's good for the country. And to have his endorsement is a very important thing. And Tulsi endorsed us, too, almost simultaneously. And we love Tulsi. She's been fantastic. She's a woman of great common sense, actually.
So unexpected to be here as an honor. They don't build ships like this anymore, folks, you know. We don't do them this way anymore. I actually said what about recommissioning, look at this thing, the largest guns in the world, most powerful guns.
They bid like you know, they get like if you go to the drugstore and buy drugs, drugs to make you better, right? I mean, you're paying the same price. The United States is the largest drug buyer in the world. When you think we'd be able to buy pretty well, we don't buy. We don't bid. And then you look at it you know, people like Woody Johnson of Johnson & Johnson was in charge of Jeb Bush's campaign.
I don't think so -- I don't think so. Remember three weeks ago? They had 800 people that they were going to deport. Rough ones -- these were rough ones, these were rough ones. They were all set, and somebody made a mistake. Congratulations, they became citizens of the United States of America. [Booing]
They get paid to do this. [Audience shouts "Boo"] [Audience chants "USA"] Can you believe they get paid for doing this? By the Democratic National Committee. Maybe I'll do it a couple of times it's good money. I got a nice new phone. Unbelievable. Oh, I'm sure their parents are very proud of them. Two people.
Every penny should come back. They act so pompous. They act so righteous. They're not righteous, they're not righteous. They're bad people. The far-left Democrats have never been more extreme than they are now. Democrats are pushing a socialist takeover of healthcare that will take away your coverage and take away your doctor.
They come due in a year. And I will once again cut a record number of job killing regulations. Number one in regulations in history. We cut more regulations than any president in history, that's why we had such a good economy. And it was interesting. I was with business leaders and I asked the whole group of 20 of them, big companies, and I said, which was more important, the tax cuts or the regulation cuts?
We're going to make a country where people are proud to come in, people are proud to come through the borders, people want to come through because they respect us and they respect our values. We are going to make a country that's wealthy again. We're going to make a country that's safe again. We're going to make a country that know what it's doing and -- and functions on common sense again -- functions on common sense. [Applause]
That will change on November 8th, folks. Got to do it. Got to do it. I want to show these people they've been wrong about us for two years. Two years. We got a show on. Thank you. One of the anchors I was watching coming in were landing and I looked at this massive crowd and then I looked at it even bigger crowd right over here.
What did I do? They want to attack the Lincoln. If I was not your president, they would have attacked the Jefferson Memorial and I stopped it. I stopped a lot of things. I also saved your Second Amendment by law. They want to punish the middle class. Expunge every last trace of traditional values and replace the American dream with a socialist nightmare.
You, the American people, are the victims of this corrupt system in every way. And this is your last chance to change it. I really believe this, this is your last election where you're going to have a chance, and if we don't win between Supreme Court justices and all of the other things that are going to be so important it will be very, very sad.
And even called me really a dear, dear friend. But then suddenly, decided when I ran for president as a Republican, that I've always been a no-good, rotten, disgusting scoundrel. And they totally forgot about me. But that's OK.
We have 50 million people in poverty and with no hope of getting out because there's no incentive, there's no drive. We're run by the great divider. He divides everybody. And I thought actually when Obama won, I thought that he would be a unifier. One thing I thought. I said, "I don't know if he's going to be good." And I would love him to be a great president.
Not gonna happen. And therefore, they're not gonna leave. Now they may leave a state and go to a different state. They may leave, you know, maybe they're having a hard time with their employees. That's possible. And they may leave, but they're gonna leave for another state. They're not leaving for another country very easily.
You know, other countries have tariffs on us. So when I say, "Well, I'm going to put tariffs on them, they all start screaming, 'He's using tariffs.'" China charges us, when we make a car, a 25 percent tariff. We charge them 2.5 percent. Other than that, it's a fair deal. Okay? [Laughter]
And they don't want to toughen up the immigration laws. I think they're going to do very poorly at the ballot box, but I may be wrong. And they want to get rid of ICE. Elizabeth Warren wants to get rid of -- I don't -- I can't call her Pocahontas anymore because she has no Indian blood. It's a problem. She has no Indian blood.
At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs. Right? Right now, 70 million American women and children live in poverty or near the brink of poverty. 43% of African-American school aged children are living in poverty. 34% of Hispanic school age children live in poverty. This is unacceptable in our country.
You know defense is always but I will pick great, smart, brilliant, conservative intellects, great judges, and what I've done is we went to the Federalist Society where they really -- and also with the Auspices of Heritage, which is a great group. And we picked 11 judges, we're going to probably put three or four more on there.
If we don't win, they're going to go down the tubes along with every other media outlet, they'll all be bust, they'll all be gone, I can tell you that. Nobody's going to want to cover Sleepy Joe. We'll end up with one very boring socialist country that will go to hell, but when you look at it and when you look at what's happening, that's why we have to win this election, and if we don't win this election, every one of you, me, all of us, it will never be the country -- I don't think the country can ever come back to it.
I had I said how can anybody endure this? I had I said how can anybody endure this? I had one evening, two nights ago where one evening, two nights ago where one evening, two nights ago where literally they had five ads on in literally they had five ads on in literally they had five ads on in between segments of a show that I was Between segments of a show that I was between segments of a show that I was watching and I said that's just watching and I said that's just watching and I said that's just incredible and the people are so smart, incredible and the people are so smart, incredible.
We're talking about a Trump wall. This is going to be a wall that works, OK? Believe me, believe me, believe me. So, it's going to work. So, we're going to strengthen that up, and we're going to make great deals again. Look our country cannot continue to lose billions and billions of dollars a year on trade.
A lot of the Saudis are sitting here saying what the hell is he talking about, transition. [Laughter] They don't do -- Yasser, they don't do a lot of transitioning. They're sitting here, the Saudis are saying what is he talking about. They're saying what do you mean women are playing against men? No, that doesn't happen, does it? Yeah, it does.
We are gonna do things that nobody has ever seen before. We've already done that. When they are saying, Bill O'Reilly, in his life he said, this is the single greatest political phenomena he's ever witnessed. It's pretty good. It's pretty good. We are going to do things that you've never seen before and we're going to get along great with these countries.
Under the Trump administration you were better off. Oh, you were better off. Your family was better off. Your neighbors were better off. Your communities were better off and your country as a whole was better off. America was stronger, richer, safer, and more confident than ever. When you had a certain gentleman behind the desk, that beautiful resolute desk in the Oval Office, what was his name?
I support Israel's right to win its war on terror. Is that OK? I don't know. I don't know if that's good or bad politically, I don't care. You got to do what's right. You got -- it was a terrible attack. October 7th was a terrible attack. I don't know. It's probably bad politically, but I don't care. You have to do the right thing.
And I love you, too. [Applause]
The other day I was in Florida, we had 12,000 people in Sarasota at 12 p.m. with the football games going on. 12,000 people. The convention center held 5,000. So we had thousands outside. I made a speech outside. I made two speeches... I said, "You can't get me a larger convention center so I can do one speech?" My people said, "No, this is the biggest one. We set a record -- a big record. We set a record everywhere. We beat the record of Elton John. It's true. Elton John. I'm no longer competing with politicians. I'm competing with the musical talent.
My friend, the head of Border Patrol. Where the hell is he? Is he here someplace? The head of Border Patrol is here. Where are they? Who are the Border Patrol guys. Anyway, thank you all for being here. What a group of people, and what great leadership. What great leadership we have. A lot of Border Patrol people are here.
And by the way, the border patrol agents of this country and ice, both of them, they've never endorsed a candidate for president before. Both groups, every one of them, both groups endorsed Donald Trump. So that means we. We will also repeal the Obama Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military.
I told you again, I told you, I told you. And I preserved that right 100%. And you think that was easy? It wasn't easy. There was so much pressure. There was so much pressure. Republicans must never waver in demanding that the right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. Can't let it happen. Thank you very much.
Gave him 1.8 billion in cash, in green. Can you believe it? Cash. Five plane loads, big planes. Exactly -- Where is that beautiful plane that we came in. Where the hell is it? Whoops, somebody stole Air Force One. Planes like that. I recognize the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
And that's not going to work. Everything that is broken today can be fixed and every failure can be turned into a truly great success. Just look at the way I just melded into the teleprompter that just went off. Who else could have pulled that off, OK? Who else? Jobs can stop leaving our country and they will just absolutely start pouring in. It can happen.
Thank you. Thank you. I like this place. You ever walk into a place, and you say I sort of like this place? Less than four months from now, we are going to win Michigan. We are going to take back the White House in a monumental landslide. And with your help, we are going to make America great again, right?
We have vicious people outside, but I believe truly that the people inside of our country are far worse because we can handle with the right president, in particular president, we can handle China or Russia. We can handle North Korea, Kim Jong Un. I saved us from a nuclear war. If Hillary Clinton got in, you would've ended up with millions of people being killed in a nuclear war.
You're talked about all over the world. You got the hottest, smartest, sharpest country. And by the way, look at our stock market. We're taking in hundreds of billions of dollars on tariff with no inflation. And today we just set another record. The highest stock market in history, no inflation. And one of the great economists from the Wharton School of Finance where I happened to go, he apologized.
So here it is. It just came out, just came out, it's a disgrace. I'll tell you what, it's so bad. These people are bad people and it's so bad what they do to our country. They rip the guts out of a country and it's a shame, and they shouldn't be allowed to do it, and people should stop. Maybe go to the Supreme Court, maybe, but they've got to stop it because we have a country to run.
When it comes to trade, and I just -- have left North Carolina and they've gone down to Mexico, and it's a disgrace, what's happening. It is a disgrace, what's happening. And we're going to stop it. And it's not going to happen any longer. We're losing our jobs. We're losing our manufacturing. We're going to stop the nonsense that's going on. And it's so easy to stop.
You know, I told the story the other day, I was probably in Washington in my entire life 17 times. True, 17 times. I don't think I ever stayed overnight. You know what I'm getting at, right? And we have a great cabinet now, a couple of little changes. But we have a great cabinet. We have -- Mike Pompeo, our Secretary of State. So many great people. And we're really getting -- we have just incredible people.
The American people are absolutely committed to restoring balance to our relationship with China. Hopefully we can reach an agreement that will be beneficial for both countries. But as I have made very clear, I will not accept a bad deal for the American people. As we endeavor to stabilize our relationship, we are also carefully monitoring the situation in Hong Kong.
Suddenly the train screeched to a halt. A soldier appeared. Judah's family braced for the worst. Then, his father cried out with joy: "It's the Americans." A second Holocaust survivor who is here tonight, Joshua Kaufman, was a prisoner at Dachau [Dah-kow] Concentration Camp. He remembers watching through a hole in the wall of a cattle car as American soldiers rolled in with tanks.
One vote. One vote. Think of it -- one vote. Terrible. A terrible situation took place that night. We can't let that happen again. We cannot let that happen again.
Let's face it. We don't need low energy. We need lots of energy. But he spent, think of it, think of it, he spent $59 million. I spent nothing, right? Nothing.
I might -- we give so much money. I was all establishment when I gave contributions, right? When I decided to run, I was anti-establishment. Can you believe this? But we can't take a chance at a loss. I mean, I watched previously two -- in particular, two, and last time I was seriously thinking about doing it, I decided not to because I thought it was a race that could have been won, should have been won, and I don't want that to happen again.
She destroyed it, the most beautiful place on Earth, best weather, beautiful ocean, and everything. And now, you look at it, look at what it's done. And Newsom, Gavin Newsom, has done a terrible job. He's a terrible governor. She's destroyed it, and she'll destroy the United States of America if she becomes president, and all those things that she wanted.
But that was the problem, OK? You have the unions, you have the -- they didn't want it. For 40 years, they couldn't get it passed. So you would have people working in the VA who were sadists, who would abuse our great, great people, our great veterans. By the way, 25 years before, they would have had their ass kicked by the same person that they're abusing.
Think of it. I mean, think of how horrible. Now, they go out, they see a doctor, they take care of themselves, we pay the bill and that's good. Our veterans. That's for our veterans. And not that it matters in this case because the only thing that matters is the vet, but it also happens to save us a lot of money, if you can believe it. They get rid of this big problem and it saves us a lot of money.
No, I want free trade but I want it to be like at least we break even, right? We do something. But how do you lose the kind of numbers -- and remember they don't play by the rules. And I love China, by the way. I deal tremendously with China. I own a big chunk of the bank of America building in San Francisco through China.
You don't hear these numbers. Cases in the U.S. have declined by 28 percent nationwide over the last month, and hospitalizations and deaths have declined radically over the last week. Three vaccines are in final stage of clinical trials. Would have taken two years for anotherPresident. I was going to say a normalPresident, but they'll hit me with [Inaudible] a little truth to that too.
You're great, great people of our country. It doesn't matter whether you vote for me or whether you vote for my opponent. What's important is to get out and vote. I don't say that. I say, if you're going to vote for me, go vote. If you're going to vote for my opponent, don't bother, OK? All right? Don't bother.
Then you have the case of this wise-guy, Jussie Smollett, who beat up himself. And he said MAGA country did it. MAGA country. Okay? He said MAGA -- it's a hate crime. That's a hate crime. And it's a scam. It's a real big scam, just like the impeachment of your President is a scam.
I got it approved. And in his first week in office, Biden ended it. But we'll get it approved again. And the people of Alaska -- but it's not the people in Alaska, this country with the money that we would make. You know, when you ask, like in Saudi Arabia when I'm there, I think they're terrific people, actually.
I mean, it's not disastrous. Actually, people feel disastrous, like 80% negative. Nobody's ever had a vote like that, that the sentiment is 80%, 81%, 82% negative. But the fact is everything they have is they're running on the fumes of what we built because we had something that nobody's ever done before.
But it's been, you know, it's been pretty amazing. But in four long years, Joe Biden secured less than $1 trillion. In nine short months, I've secured $18 trillion to rebuild our factories, create hundreds of thousands of jobs and bring back those beautiful words made in America. So think of that. He did less than $1 trillion in four years and in nine months we've done more than $18 trillion.
When you vote for me, prosperity will surge, your taxes will be cut even further. You know gave you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. The pandemic is rounding the turn. It's rounding and we have the vaccines coming and they go crazy the fake news, but I will tell you. It's rounding the turn with or without, its rounding the turn, you'll see that.
You kill an American citizen or a law enforcement officer, you get the death penalty. And we'll get that approved, too, because Congress is going to approve it. They're feeling the way you are. I will end catch and release. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] I have to ask this man in the black. Are you the man that I met yesterday or not? [Audience member calls out "No, you haven't met me, but I love you, man!"]
Sadly depleted. The best way to keep out troops out of harm's way and to keep our nation out of preventable conflicts is to remember those famous words -- very, very famous words -- peace through strength. Unfortunately, our active duty armed forces have shrunk from 2 million in 1991 to 1.3 million today, a big, big reduction.
We -- as you stand here right now, there are companies negotiating from Virginia, right here. They're negotiating to leave Virginia and move to Mexico and other places, as you stand here. Some of the people in this room work for companies that are right now under negotiation to get out. If I get in, that ends.
You never get to use it. You have to die to use it. Your -- your -- the Obamacare is a disaster. It's going to die of its own weight because in '17 unless the Republicans give them more money and keep extending, the Republicans are making it possible. You know look, we know where the Democrats are coming from, OK? We understand that.
I have a top lawyer who said he's never seen anything like this before. So what happens is we get sued. We have a Magistrate named William Gallo, who truly hates us and this is what. Now the good news is it's a jury trial, but we can't even get a full jury. We're entitled to a jury. We want a jury of 12 people and you're gonna watch.
I think she hates our country. Because if she didn't hate our country, she wouldn't be doing this to our country. It's a fraud. It's a fraud. But she said to George Stephanopoulos -- I give him credit -- "No, no, he said the truth." Stephanopoulos said, "No, no, but that wasn't what he said.
Jobs are about more than paychecks. Good jobs are the cornerstone of a safe and a strong and a proud America. There is nothing more important than the sense of pride and accomplishment that comes at the end of a hard day's work. And all of us -- me, you, all of us in this room -- we know that feeling. Just about every day, we know that feeling.
I think it's not going to happen. But I really want to thank you for being here, and we'll see you soon. Get out and vote. Thank you.
We are proudly joined on stage by American, Polish, British, and Romanian soldiers. Thank you. [Applause] Thank you. Great job. President Duda and I have just come from an incredibly successful meeting with the leaders participating in the Three Seas Initiative. To the citizens of this great region, America is eager to expand our partnership with you. We welcome stronger ties of trade and commerce as you grow your economies. And we are committed to securing your access to alternate sources of energy, so Poland and its neighbors are never again held hostage to a single supplier of energy. [Applause]
And I don't know maybe I lose votes if I say that. I don't care. You got to be yourself. I think one of the reasons I'm doing so well. For -- I don't have pollsters. You know these guys they can't speak. When Bush was asked a question when he first started about is the war in Iraq good? So what do we do? I was opposed to it, and by the way, I am a very militaristic person.
And everybody said you couldn't get accountability done. I said, "Why?" Too much power, too many unions, too many people that just don't want it done. You had people in Arizona that robbed $300,000 and they could -- they agreed. Everybody agreed. They robbed the money. They couldn't fire the people.
Putin. These are people that are tough people. Kim Jong Un, North Korea nuclear weapons all over the place. I said, "Do you ever do anything else? Go to a game, do something." You know, he loves producing nuclear weapons. That's what he likes producing. And he's got a lot of them. And he has no respect for our leadership now, and he doesn't respect -- he didn't respect Obama.
And we're producing for you. We're really producing. You know, people are saying that we made certain promises and I'm the only politician -- can you imagine, the word politician -- I never thought that was going to happen, I don't even like it -- but I'm the only politician that produced more than I said I was going to produce, and we're only 1 1/2 years in.
Anybody? I don't see one hand. There's nobody? There's got to be somebody. Back there. See in the very back corner, look. No, it's a great thing. That's something that we get that we don't talk about much but that's a big thing. People leave their farms and other things to their children. Their children have to pay the taxes.
I will be your voice, and I will fight harder than anybody has ever fought for you before, and I will win because I know how to win. [Applause]
[Protesters shouting] Get them out of here. Out. Out. Get him out. Get him out. They just want to be on television for two seconds that's all. And I always say don't hurt that person, right? Don't hurt that person. So I'll tell you what. You know another thing. Trump rallies are among the safest places to be on Earth.
Two amazing people, really great people. I've gotten to know them very well being on the trail, as they say. And I'm very happy with what's going on on the trail. I've had an amazing period of time. And I'm not going to be doing polls tonight. Usually I'd like to get up and do polls, and everybody, even Mike, would say why do you keep doing those polls?
They would set up committees. They didn't know what to do with their wealth. We had such wealth in this country. They didn't know what to do with their wealth. They had no -- they would set up. We had so much money, all from tariffs. There was no income tax. And then, they went to the income tax stuff, and it was a whole different story.
Mechanically, you couldn't do it. And then all of a sudden, we don't see that anymore. I shouldn't say it, but we don't see it anymore. They used to have little fights, right? Little problem. And the camera used to turn like a pretzel to catch it. Because they viewed that as a bad thing, right? A bad thing.
It would have been years and years and years. They probably would have ended the whole concept of even moving the embassy to Jerusalem. So, we got it built. There's no reason to do any better because it's really a beautiful embassy, one of our nicest embassies, I think. But someday, they'll come along and say, "Let's waste billions of dollars and do it the way we originally planned." But it's a great embassy and was very proud to do it. But we did something else that they weren't even asking for.
The law firm, nobody ever mentions, the law firm is unbelievable. It's very powerful, OK? Obviously, they've done a great job. But that law firm should be implicated in this crime, OK? They're the ones -- they got rid of all this stuff. The law firm got rid of all this stuff and they should be implicated because they have committed a crime.
Nearly 12 million people, more Americans, are dependent on food stamps and 2 million more Latino Americans live in poverty. Latino Americans, incredible people, they're living in poverty, 2 million. 58 percent of African American youth are not employed, 58 percent.
For nations that treat us badly, we will calculate the combined rate of all their tariffs, non-monetary barriers and other forms of cheating. And because we are being very kind, we're kind people, very kind -- you're not so kind when you got ripped off with your salaries, my auto worker friends and my Teamster friends and all of the unions that typically voted democrat, they're not voting democrat anymore because worker, whether union or non-worker, they're for the republicans now.
Thank you, April. She was able to defend herself. Also with us is Mark Vaughan, who owns a meat processing plant in Oklahoma. When an employee began attacking coworkers with a knife viciously and violently, Mark drew his gun and ended the assault immediately, saving countless innocent lives. Mark, please come up.
Politicians send troops to protect the borders of foreign nations, but left America's borders wide open for all to violate. [Booing] We have spent billions and billions of dollars on one global project after another, and yet, as gangs flooded into our country, we couldn't even provide safety for our own people. Our government rushed to join international agreements where the United States pays the cost and bears the burden while other countries get the benefits and pay nothing. [Booing]
He's standing out there. And I didn't think his body was that good, to be honest with you. But he's standing out there freezing. Remember that? I said, "What the hell?" He's a tough guy. He's a warrior. You have two people here, current congressmen, Dan Meuser and Mike Kelly. These are incredible, incredible people.
So, as you -- thank you, thank you. Thank you, man thank you. Thank you very much. It's very nice. It's a very, very rambunctious and beautiful crowd, I will say. [Applause]
Would you take the military out first or last? "Sir, I'd take the military out last." But they took it out first, and then we left hostages. We left all of the equipment. We left everything, and we left Bagram. And now China is occupying Bagram. Bagram, being one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons.
And we had the same -- we had the same thing, four years ago, where they'd say -- but now we've done so much. You know, this is easier, in many ways. We were sailing -- by the way, without the plague from China, this thing was over. This was over. We were sailing. But that came in, and then you have to prove yourself again. So now I have to prove myself again.
I mean, when you think that, you know, in the history of our party, more votes than anybody that has ever done this before. Think of it. You know, think. More than Dwight Eisenhower. I mean, he won the second World War. More than Ronald Reagan, who we all love, more than anybody and we've got a lot of endorsements and we're very popular now within the party and polls are coming out showing we're doing very well and winning in some cases.
We didn't do it. From the farm fields of Georgia to the big sky of Montana... from the deserts of Nevada to the everglades of Florida, from the coal mines of West Virginia to the steel mills of Indiana and in every city and town across our land, we are going to work, we are going to fight and we are going to win, win, win.
You look at the Iran deal. You look at our military being hurt so badly. It's being depleted. Our jetfighters, they go to graveyards. They go to plane graveyards and museums to get parts because they don't make the parts anymore, they're so old.
And your next United States Senator Jim Renacci. Great people, they're great people. And for the Senate we have to get Jim. We just have to get him in because ... Senator Brown is not going to vote for our judge. We have a great judge. We love Justice Gorsuch. Now we have soon-to-be Justice Kavanaugh. We need both.
But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future, the Senate must pass those tax cuts. Bring Main Street roaring back, and that's what's going to happen. This is all done without the tax cuts. And I'm not sure that people even believe the tax cuts. I want to see what happens. And the big day will be either tomorrow or the next day. I would say do it now. We're ready. [Applause]
They're still coming after me because I will never stop fighting and winning for you. Going through it for five years. Five years. From the very beginning of our movement, we have been fighting against some of the most corrupt, powerful, and entrenched forces imaginable: the professional political class, the deep state, the fake news media, the Russia hoaxers, the globalists, the socialists, the communists, the lobbyists, the corporate special interests who are absolutely terrible, and now the critical race theorists.
They see what is happening. [Applause] But to understand the historic progress we have made, we must speak honestly about the situation that we and I inherited because, believe me, the previous administration gave us a mess. [Booing] For decades, our country has lived through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. You people know it better than anybody in Pennsylvania. Our factories were shuttered. Our steel mills close down, and our jobs were stolen away and shipped far away to other countries, some of which you have never even heard of.
He's gone now, too. They've fallen fast and furious. The ones that voted to impeach, we're getting rid of them fast. Nancy Pelosi has turned the U.S. House of Representatives into a Stalinist show trial. That's what it is. They just get the Democrats to stick together and just vote and people get impeached.
And I said, "No way, uncle John. That's never going to happen, uncle John." Guess what? He was right a long time ago that he said it. But my father would price a house and I'd say, "How did you price in those days, dad?" He said, "Pricing was everything." He said, "I'd sell a house for $3,999.99." And that one penny made the difference between selling it and not.
We are going to fight for every last American job. We've come a long way since the Wright Brothers and their first flight more than a century ago. Your plane is made of carbon fiber. It seats 330 passengers. It's 18 feet longer than the previous version of the 787. And this airplane can fly for half a day before it touches the ground. The name says it all: Dreamliner. Great name. Our country is all about making dreams come true.
Do we have any of those workers here? You are so lucky I'm president. There's like two people here. You are so lucky that I'm president. But when General Motors went bankrupt, Biden and Obama threw this workers really to the wolves. Their pensions were totally wiped out. Their families were left in disarray.
There's such a spirit like I've never seen." He said, "You have these organic, and Trump has nothing to do with them, but they're rallies where truckers get 1000 trucks." In Iowa they had like 2000 tractors on this massive field. He said, "I've never seen anything like this so I can't really tell you, but I have never seen." And, how about these rallies?
Thank you very much. Thank you, Ben. Great job he does. What a great man.
But these are not nice people. These are not people that say, I'm doing this for the good of the country. They're doing this for the good of themselves. And when they give $2 million, $3 million, $5 million, $10 million to crooked Hillary Clinton, they're gonna get a lot back and it's gonna be a lot more than that.
It's really great, didn't hurt him any. It's really great, didn't hurt him any. It's really great. Thank you very much. You know, it's just thank you very much. You know, it's just thank you very much. You know it's just an honor to be here, but we're gonna be an honor to be here, but we're gonna be an honor to be here.
And slowly but surely, they're going to dismantle that. They've already started dismantling that. It was one of the best things I was most proud of, and we're going to get it back very fast, you vets. We're going to get it back very fast. You know, people would be waiting in line for months. They'd say you have to come back in three and a half months and whatever the condition.
It's going much higher, which is costing families nearly, think of this one, $6,759 a year, bigger than any tax increase ever proposed by anybody. Numbers like that are unthinkable in terms of a tax increase, but that's what you're paying your price for inflation. And we had no inflation. We had it down, so good.
If -- Sy, if this economy were raging again, you would do so great because guys like me and plenty of others in this room will be going to your store, we're not going to wherever else it may be. But there's room for everybody -- everybody. So if we could get this economy going again, if we could get jobs back instead of having them going to India and having them go -- I mean, Mexico.
If you look -- Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador -- they're doing much better for us right now. We're close to a safe third agreement with Guatemala, which we appreciate. They're doing much better for us now than when we paid them. When we paid them, they were just taking our money and laughing at us. Now they want to -- they'll do anything to get that money back.
But I said, "Vladimir, don't do it, don't do it. If you do it, this is what's going to happen someday." I'll tell you what I said. He said, "No way." I said, "Way, way, way, way." He said, "No way you'll do that." I said, "I will. I swear to you, I will. I'm going to do it." And he didn't believe me, but he believed me 10%, and that's all you needed.
The babies were murdered, and they were burned. People who think like this, people who support this, and people who sympathize with this are sick. They're sick and they're evil, and they're not going to be fixed. You're not going to make them into wonderful people one day. I didn't know you had flies in Iowa.
I'll also rescue the ethanol industry from Crooked Joe's insane ethanol-killing pro-China electric vehicle mandate. Is that the dumbest thing you've ever heard? [Audience responses "Yes"]
In July, Montgomery County, Maryland, declared itself a sanctuary city for criminal aliens, forcing local jails to release these dangerous inmates, instead of safely handing them over to ICE. Just hand them over to ICE. Just hand them over to ICE. ICE will take care of the rest. Less than two months later, eight illegal aliens have already been arrested for rape, for sexual assault of a minor.
We're going to stop the Biden spending spree. He spends on things like the green new scam. We're going to halt his inflation death spiral. Think of it, one of the greatest inflations ever in history. If you were making more money, it doesn't matter because, yet, you were taxed at 50%. You got to make over that in order to pick up. That's why people are hearing, "Oh, our economy." His job numbers are fake.
She's got -- but here's what happened. And the crooked media doesn't tell you this. So she can't draw people. They won't show this crowd. They're not going to show, they'll see a couple of heads up here. They'll see your nice beautiful, white head of beautiful hair. You'll see these folks here. As few  "Oh Trump takes call." That's true.
This is crazy. This is the craziest race. You know what, I'm running against the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics. And if I lose, it puts more pressure... I wish he was good. I wish he was good, I'd have less pressure, you know, I mean how do you lose to a guy like that? How do you lose to a guy like this?
It's one of the great scams. But you know, the amazing thing is that nobody talks about it anymore. They're not talking about the green new deal anymore. They're not talking about environmental anymore. They're not talking about the oceans will rise by one-sixteenth of an inch over the next 400 years.
It's, they're all horrible. George Slop-anopoulos does anybody know George? I saw him interviewing Kash Patel or somebody. Kash Patel, stand up, stand up. George Slop-anopoulos. No, I saw him interviewing somebody, a, just a nice person. I think actually one of the people running for vice president [Laughs]. They're, we got a lot of great people running for vice-pres- -- by the way, who do we prefer?
She reentered the horribly unfair to the United States US, Paris CLIMATE ACCORD. I wanted it to be the Nevada climate accord, not the Paris. It's the most unfair document you've ever seen. And she has always said, "I will ban fracking." And she has always said, "I will defund the police." Anybody -- you know, she was the head of the defund the police movement.
That's great. That's great. I'll tell you, these people, what they had to go through. I've -- I had 10 hostages in my office two weeks ago. What they had to go through is just horrible. Come on up. That's great. That is so nice to see you. That is so nice. [Inaudible] fantastic. [Inaudible]
And you know they don't. They're not stupid people. They're smart people. In fact, all of a sudden I'm getting calls from people there saying, you know, sir, I just called to say hello. I said, I thought you were a dissenters follower. He goes, no, not at all. That was a false report, all right. It was never that close, by the way.
They said I had billions of dollars in borrowing, which is true -- and hundreds of millions of dollars in personal guarantees, which is true -- and no pathway out, which is false. That was a bad time. That was an ugly time. [Applause]
Not beautiful anymore. I kept it beautiful. If I saw one tent or two tents or three tents as I was coming in from the airport, I'd have them taken down immediately because I knew that you'd have 100 tents and 1000 tents if you don't do it. But you should see Washington, DC right now and Washington, DC on the 4th of July.
He's fantastic man. Fantastic businessman. One of the most successful businessmen in the country. But I'm going to go and I will be back a lot because we're going to be fighting really hard for Denny, for Adam, and for Dean and for others, and for others.
And we're going to have to come out with very, very powerful punishment for these horrible people that do these things. Going to have to come out with the ultimate punishment. You know what the ultimate punishment is. It's time. We can't let this happen. It's time. And if it does happen, they have to pay a very big price.
They're trying to get them to be woke, but these people are not going to go woke, I can guarantee you that. With your support this November, we will restore competence, and we will restore common sense to our nation's capital. Because, ultimately, it is about -- it's not are you conservative, are you liberal, are you progressive?
We're going to eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation, provide school choice and put an end to Common Core, bring your education home. [Applause]
You have to do it. At the door. Look at that sign. Look at the size of that sign. Can you believe that? Wow, thank you. Beautiful. I think I'll tell my people. Let's bring that home. And by the way, we have plenty of time tonight. It's going to be -- I'm here all night. You know, you know, tomorrow night we're in Jacksonville Florida.
On Day 1 of my new administration, I will direct the DOJ to investigate every radical district attorney and attorney general in America for their illegal, racist, and reverse enforcement of the law. I will quickly restore the most secure border in U.S. history, just as we had three years ago. We had the strongest, most powerful, most secure border in the history of our country.
That's a nice term, pro-jihadist. And proclaimed that the number one terror threat was not ISIS or Al-Qaeda, but Trump supporters, MAGA supporters. How about that? MAGA, MAGA is the problem. You know what MAGA is? MAGA are patriots. They're patriots that want to see our country be great. They don't want women raped on the streets.
And then time goes by. And he voted and then, of course, you know, John McCain came in and he went thumbs down at 3:00 in the morning. [Booing] Oh, do I know so much, folks, I could tell you. It was sad.
We're going through a little bit of a cool spell. I don't know despite global warming, it's awfully cold in these different places. It is really cold. I never thought of Iowa -- I'm here so much and I never thought of Iowa with such cold weather, but we're having a little bit of a cold spell. Don't we love it? We love it, right?
Thank you very much, Wisconsin. God bless you. God bless you.
She voted to a 100 percent ban, which would kill an estimated 200,000 U.S. auto jobs. Please tell the head of -- Brian, tell the head of your union that, please? Would you do it? Can you imagine? She wants to ban gas-powered trucks, things -- that's just -- there goes -- oh, it's gone. Well, it's not gone.
Did you ever see anybody choke like that during a debate? By the way, who won the last debate? Believe me. I think I won all of the debates. You know I hear all about lying Ted, lying Ted, lying Ted. So you know I have the Evangelical support and everyone thinks, oh gee, that's amazing. In South Carolina, it was supposed to be an easy victory for Ted and it turned out to be a lot -- do you know what happened?
It's a beautiful couple. I've said that a lot before but this time, I know it's perfect. I've said so many times, "What a beautiful couple." Two weeks later, "How ya doin?" "Well, we broke up." That one's never breakin' up. But Mike, it is true though. It's, uh, he had a commercial. You know, you call up, like, the -- the networks.
Seventy-eight years, we didn't have any wars. We finished up a war. We beat ISIS 100%. We beat ISIS 100%, and we took off. We took it down. We took out Soleimani. We took out al-Baghdadi, the worst terrorist in history, probably. Just killed them. And they are no longer -- we had -- Iran was broke. When I was president, Iran was broke.
I didn't expect to see -- I honestly, I didn't expect to see either of these two, but that's OK. That's OK. So during one of the debates, the debate is over. I had talked about Mexico's gonna pay for the wall. I had talked about the wall. And a couple of the participants came up to me. They said, Donald, you know you're not gonna build a wall.
They're down 37%. The company is nobody's ever seen it. And, you know, the the radical left has always used that. They've used their buying power, their sort of name a company and go after a company. We've never done it. That just happened by osmosis actually. But it's also happening. I heard target mentioned today and various others, and we have tremendous power to make sure that our country goes down the right tracks.
She's been vice president for almost four years, and she did nothing to stop the invasion of our country. She says that that's not her job, but it is her job. The president of the United States gave her that job. She just didn't do it, and she won't do it now. She does not care about the middle class struggling over inflation, the cost of gasoline and electricity, and she doesn't care about the cost of food.
First off we have a situation so important here. That's why I'm here. I'm here for this [Inaudible] big success, from what I understand. A [Inaudible] success. That's a big success, isn't it? [Applause]
I mean that. Look at what he's done with inflation, with the economy, with Israel, with everything, with Ukraine. We're a failing nation. Remember what Viktor Orban said? "Bring Trump back. Everything will be good." He's the toughest, possibly. I don't want to insult the others. But let's say he's the smartest or right there.
Joe Biden is weak. He takes his marching orders from liberal hypocrites who drive their cities into the ground while fleeing from the scene of the wreckage. The same liberals want to eliminate school choice while they enroll their children into the finest private schools in the land. They want to open our borders while living in walled off compounds and communities and the best neighborhoods in the world.
And he said he was, you know, very close to going to war, but fortunately his time was up. That his time is up. He would have been in a war. Millions of people would have been killed. I mean, you have sold 30 million people right off the border 30 miles away. Millions of people would have been -- and yes, I came in and took a very hard position, very hard position.
Just -- I'm sure it's taken." "Check. Go check. Go check." Comes back 20 minutes later. "Sir, you just bought the name Truth for 2,000 bucks." Right? Right? You just bought the name Truth, Truth Social. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] And it's been great. But lately, it's on fire. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] That's -- what the hell are you doing, Devin?
With an unlimited budget. The budget is virtually unlimited, and they run it so badly. We're going to get rid of the graffiti on the beautiful marble. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] We're going to get -- they have beautiful -- the most beautiful marble columns. When -- when a dollar was a dollar, they built it, right? The most beautiful buildings you've ever seen.
When it comes to keeping America safe, I believe in three very important words and we don't have it now. it's called peace through strength. [Applause]
We will never waiver in defense of our families, our values, our faith, our jobs, our borders, our rights, or our freedoms. Together we will unite citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed as one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. I want to thank you, you are incredible people, Minnesota.
Look at other countries, whether it's centuries ago or decades ago. Anything -- any country that goes through inflation -- and we went through a really bad period. We had the worst in our history. 8.4 million Americans are now working second jobs, the highest in more than 38 years and, you now, have to make $111,000 a year.
This is what our politicians have done to this city, this is what our politicians have done to America.
I'm fighting to let you keep your doctor, keep your plan at lower cost. You look at what's happening, how we're doing it -- we want all Americans to have great healthcare at a price that they can afford. And for the first time in half a century, we've lowered the price of prescription drugs. First time -- 50 years.
There haven't been many times when we needed more. I'm honored to have the endorsement of more than 200 top admirals and generals and 22 Medal of Honor recipients, and that list just grew a lot larger today. Hillary Clinton and our failed establishment have dragged us into foreign wars that have made us less safe, shipped our wealth overseas to other countries, and left our borders at home totally wide open.
But to be a rich nation, we must also be a secure nation. Security begins at the border, you understand. [Applause]
Thank you. It's my honor.
But Arnold was great. He was a great man. And beyond a golfer, he was a great man. And he came from Latrobe, Pennsylvania. So I have a very warm spot for Latrobe because he was a friend of mine, incredible guy. I could tell you so many Arnold stories, but I thought that was -- that's self-deprecating, right?
This is only if they don't behave. But they devalue their currency. They make it impossible for our companies to compete. Every time we start to do well, various countries that are grand masters, they start devaluing their currencies, and our countries go from, boy, I'm feeling good today, to, oh, here we go again.
Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much to a very popular former first lady, hopefully, first lady again. And I just want to say a very big hello to a special place, New York, and to an incredible arena, Madison Square Garden, incredible. And then we have all of the people that could fill it up 10 times.
The very first bill that Crooked Joe sent to Congress was a bill to turn illegal aliens into voting citizens. Now he's pushing another mass amnesty plan while calling it border security. He calls it border security. Did you see the -- Look, he hasn't been to the border in many years, but he hasn't been during his presidency.
A woman who's done an incredible job in Delaware, GOP Chair Julianne Murray. She got rid of the mail-in voting. She got rid of all sorts of things. And she says we're going to win Delaware. That's a nice surprise. Where is Julianne? Where are you? Where is Julianne? So, you think we're going to win Delaware?
The smartest people are you, you get it. Now you have them against, uh, their heads are exploding as a friend of ours would say. [Crosstalk] If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your great family and freedom, to live your life, then I am asking you to vote for Republican, vote for Trump, let's keep it going.
President Trump, Tom Homan said, "was the greatest president in my lifetime." Thank you, Tom. "This country was never better off than when he was president. He was unprecedented in his success on the border, and it saved many lives. He was an out-of-the-box thinker, and he got the job done like nobody else could do the job."
No, they were calling the news. "Please, would you please stand over here, please?" They're getting newspaper reporters and reporters to stand there. They're standing with cameras. They couldn't fill the eight circles. The only thing I liked about his campaign, because he didn't really campaign, the cabal campaign.
Not even close." I said, "I love this guy." Dr. Ronnie Jackson, your congressman. Great congressman from Texas. Then he had a -- louse it up. You know what he did? He said, "And he'd live for 200 years except he likes junk food, so he might only live to 110." Can you believe? Huh? I do like junk food. Who doesn't? A real good friend of mine, an incredible republican, conservative, uh, really a person that loves our country more than anything else.
I went 120 days. I made speeches and did rallies, I did everything. And all you heard was "Drill, baby, drill. We're gonna drill, baby, drill." And we did. And we, uh, we've got -- Now we're double just about anybody else and we're really bringing it down. And we wanna bring -- That will automatically stop the war with Russia and Ukraine.
Former governor Bob McDonnell, thank you very much. The deranged one, we have -- you're not a fan -- you're not a fan of those guys, right, Bob? And now Bob showed them for what they are. Former governor and a really wonderful senator and a good guy and a friend of mine, George Allen. George, thank you. Thank you, George.
The election was rigged, very sadly rigged, but we'll swamp them the next time, and it'll be bigger than anybody has ever seen. Just as I promised, I recognized the eternal capital of Israel opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem, and got the building built for slightly less than they thought. It was going to cost two billion.
You are the young people of character and integrity who will serve as leaders in our communities, and uphold the sacred values of our nation.
have to come in and by the way we want people to come in to our country but
They can't be bothered. So, you see criminals going into stores with little computer, adding it up, everything they've stolen, they want to stay under the 950, but they don't get prosecuted for above that. The only one that gets prosecuted is somebody would talk about the unfair election. They get prosecuted.
It's a culture, a beautiful way of life. It's no wonder that far left lunatics are getting desperate to stop our movement by any means necessary. As you know, Crooked Joe and the radical left thugs have weaponized law enforcement to arrest their leading opponent. Me? I'm their leading opponent. I'm their only opponent on fake and phony charges.
They said we've signed none -- none. We've signed 50; appointed Justice Gorsuch; nominated 31 new federal judges, with many more on the way. So, importantly, we have aggressively canceled job-killing regulations, and we're unleashing job-creating American energy like we've never unleashed before.
I actually feel a little foolish. My whole life, I've been taking money, money, money, give me more money, and I turned it down. And when I go to Iowa and New Hampshire and South Carolina and tell them like I'm self-funding, they go -- the people go crazy. It's a big deal to them. You know, I had an interesting case in Iowa.
So I did nothing wrong. In every way it was like a perfect -- The bank was so happy. They testify, "No, everything was good." Same thing with every other thing. They were looking at things. 370 million for doing nothing wrong. I took a loan. I paid the loan back and they charged me 370 million, which I guess is more than two times the loan, something like that.
And for the next four years, I will fight for you. Every single day, we're going to be fighting for you. This is the greatest political movement in American history. And 75 days ago, we achieved the most epic political victory our country has ever seen. That's what they say. We won the popular vote for the first time of any Republican in many, many years.
She cost the typical American family over $30,000 in higher prices. Think of that, $30,000. And now, Kamala -- a disaster who shouldn't be allowed to run. She has no right to be running. You know what? You know the expression, right? They're a threat to democracy. That's what they are. They are the threat to democracy.
And also, it will make war far less likely. You know, if you have a strong -- if you're a strong presence like we are, we are such a strong presence now. And I go around bragging about that. I said, we have the strongest military anywhere in the world. I say it. You never heard Biden say that. You never heard him say anything, but you never heard him say -- did you ever hear him say we have the strongest military?
She didn't talk about what she was going to do. And economically, she doesn't know anything. In fact, what she's proposing -- well, wait a minute, you just saw -- you were going to go over it in a second. The worst numbers I've ever seen, just how good was that? To get those numbers four days before the vote was -- thank you very much, sir.
Somebody said how long? One day, but give it a week. We've been negotiating this thing for years, and ultimately, we kept walking away. We never walked away. We walk away from the points. We say, OK, you can have it. Here's us. OK. How could we have this? No, absolutely not. OK. Just as us, we didn't win anything.
So sad, so sad. It's -- honestly it's a disgrace. And now she's allowed to run for President. And General Cartwright will end up being in jail. [Booing]
But if I assuming they're not even thinking a little bit, which they're not. They're nut jobs. Then what happens is the carnage would be very small by comparison. Would be very, very small. Now Paris, 130 people killed. They have the toughest gun laws anywhere in the world. The toughest in the world, right?
Trump I want you to keep it. I said, keep it?" I mean these are incredible things that happen And thinking about lieutenant colonel, thinking about our military -- our military is totally depleted, totally depleted. Our military is not being funded properly, we don't have enough money going in. We need a strong military, we need a powerful strong military. Applause] When you look at what's happening -- when you look at what's happening around the world and when you look at the hatred, think of it, we are like the whipping post for many, many countries on trade, they kill us on trade. But in every way they don't respect us, China is building this massive, massive military complex in the South China Sea. They didn't get environmental impact statements by the way, they just... [Laughter] They said on Monday morning were going to start building, and on Monday afternoon they started, you knows that's the way it works right? We would -- we could never do that because we would have to environmental impact statements -- would 30 years then they would reject it. Applause] We don't do things like that and you know that's fine. They're not supposed it do it -- they're not supposed to do it, they don't respect us. Now very simply, we have tremendous power with China. Some of the top people in the world representing China have called me and one of them in particular, said You know Mr.Trump? I thought you were so wrong a year ago.
Gary. Good job you're doing. Boy, what a good reputation. Thank you very much, Gary. Your public service commissioners, Tricia Pridemore, Jason Shaw, and a great man, great, great man who's also on the ballot next month. Bubba Mcdonald, I like that name. Where's Bubba, Tricia? Great, great job. Great job, that's great.
But in terms of the tax and the tax strategy that Ronald Reagan used to create an economic boom in the 1980s: When our economy took off, the middle class thrived, and the family income of all families was increasing more and more. And it was a beautiful sight to behold.
With the help of Minnesota workers, we will be the premier medical and pharmaceutical manufacturer anywhere in the world, and you see it already. The drug companies are starting to give up. Now, I'll tell you, if for some reason, the other side happens to have a victory on November 3rd, forget everything I said.
When we do badly, I don't know about polls, right. But when we're doing well I know about polls. I used to drive -- Chris Christie is here, our friend. Where is Chris? Right over here. Applause] And he was a tough competitor and he said, you used to drive me crazy when you talk about the polls. Why did you talk about the polls? I said because I was number one. But if I was number two or something, we wouldn't be talking. But, first of all, thank you everyone.
He gave him everything. I gave them nothing. I gave them nothing. No, I said, "You got to pay your bills." You know, all of what you see now with NATO, that's all because I made them pay their bills. They weren't paying. Out of the 28 countries at the time, 28 countries, 20 were deficient or delinquent. They weren't paying their bills.
It's feeling like it already, isn't it? We've got to be nice and cool. Nice and cool. [Laughter]
Right? They're fake news. Hello, Alabama. And I'm thrilled to be back in your incredible, wonderful state that we won by a record number. We won this state. We also won a lot of other states by numbers that they don't tell you about. We did have a rigged election. Didn't we. It was terrible, terrible. And you look at what's going on now.
This woman is crazy. Take a look at this.
You have to remember, they said that he couldn't beat me now. I mean, after the debate, he was down, way down in the polls. They didn't even want to show the polls. They said he's not going to win. So, they said, "We're going to take him out, and we're going to put somebody new." And this never happened to anybody before.
Just think of what he's been revealed to have done in just the last few weeks alone. A really great guy, Chairman James Comer, and Senator Chuck Grassley, and working with -- I'll tell you, working with some of the finest people, they really are, Jim Jordan, so many fine people, released a bombshell FBI document laying out a massive bribery scheme in which Hunter and Joe Biden shook down a Ukrainian energy boss, shook him down, an energy boss, a big one, for $10 million so that, as the executive said, Hunter could protect us through his dad from all kinds of problems.
A fake report, but it wa-- The ratings go through the roof. But they didn't cover my introduction. Can you believe that? My introduction of a woman that's gonna be there hopefully for 50 years as far as I'm concerned. And last night we did, we made history, and we confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court.
Thank you very much. Thank you Georgia. God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you.
She's going to win, 10 million to one, she's going to win. I'm telling you, Peter. I'm telling you, Peter, she's going to win, Peter. Oh, I love you so much. I love you, Peter. I love you too, Lisa. Lisa, lisa, oh God, I love you, Lisa. And if she doesn't win Lisa, we've got an insurance policy Lisa. We'll get that son of a bitch out.
They're great people, Wayne -- they're great people, Chris, they love this country. They endorsed me very early and it's really a -- it's really an honor. I'll tell you what, they are phenomenal people when you get to know them. They love the country -- you know, they love the country. They take a lot of heat, but they love the country, I'll tell you that right now.
My tax reforms will add millions of new jobs and thousands or new small businesses.
I appointed nearly 300 federal judges and three great Supreme Court justices. We achieved the most secure border in U.S. history. We built over 500 miles of border wall. They like to say, "Oh, it was less." It's not. It's much more than that. And we got Mexico to give us 28,000 soldiers free of charge. So when they say about Mexico, I saw some guy in the debate say, oh, Mexico gave us 28,000 soldiers.
You know that? Instead, Biden allowed China to ravage our town's radar factories and rip apart our communities. That's what they did. And then he goes in and he brings his son, "Hey, see if you can give him some money, give him a billion and a half dollars." I went to Steve Schwarzman. Steve Schwarzman's like one of the biggest guys on Wall Street, Blackstone.
We will route the fake news media, we will defeat Crooked Joe Biden and we will drain the swamp once and for all. We will get that done and it'll go quickly. The great silent majority is rising like never before. And under our leadership, the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer. And I said that in 2016 and we were right.
They have planes. It's not very comfortable to be living right now in Taiwan. And so, Russia wouldn't happen. That wouldn't have happened. And you know what wouldn't have happened? The attack on Israel on October 7th would not have happened. It would not have happened. But you won't have -- getting back to our wonderful area that we love, you won't have to worry about Governor Murphy's 157 windmills. [Audience boos ]
Thank you. I'm so glad. Thank you.
And that's okay, too. But give me the right ones, the two of you, and as soon as you can. Okay? Because you know some great people that are going to be there for many, many years, Alice. Right? And you're going to give me some names, all right? Thank you both. Thank you. Incredible. Thank you both.
They're very hard line. When I tell stories, they go like this. I guess they're trained that way. They never smile. You say good morning. "Good morning, sir." They actually turn away. It's good. This way, you don't have to say good morning all the time, OK? No, they train them this way. But one of these guys will run up and grab him and take him off the stage.
we have so many endorsements from the police the police are not treated
We're not going let it happen. And if it did happen and if they were successful, they will destroy this country. Remember that: They will destroy this country. And that's why it's more important than ever to drain the swamp, and we're doing that. Despite everything the failed ruling class has thrown at us -- and don't forget, when I came here, I didn't have great experience.
I mean, Biden had a rally today like 13 people showed up and they don't talk about it. They say, by this year, the one guy actually made a mistake. You call them sleepy Joe. Is it announced today that guy's job is gone, but Vice President Biden is here today. He's making a speech on the environment, but he has no idea what he's -- They don't say that there's nobody there.
If I don't always play by the rules of Washington and the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you and I fight harder than anybody has ever fought before. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and we know that, we know that. We have found that out, you don't have to take my word for it.
He's great, Elon Musk. He's a brilliant guy. Every time I call him, he's talking about, "I got a new idea for a rocket. You have to hear this." No, it's true. The first time I ever saw this, I'm watching television, like, three years ago. And I see a rocket engine, motor engine come down, landing straight up in a -- no wings, no nothing.
So, she was injured. So, she wanted to break the record by an eighth of a second. He broke the record by 38 seconds. He was going so fast. The cameras didn't know what to do. They couldn't follow everybody. Because this guy was, was he finished? He's finished already. What happened, Charlie? It's ridiculous, isn't it? And you know, nobody but me talks about it because all politicians consider it to be politically incorrect to talk about it. I don't think so. I don't think so. I think that's how we won two elections already, because we will talk about things like that.
Nope, not one person is sitting down. So sit down. Go ahead. Now, how many times -- I mean, if "Lying Ted Cruz" came here, you would never stand up like that, I can tell you. Who, by the way, hates New York -- who hates New York. And the other one, you know, the Kasich. He comes in, nobody knows who he is. And somebody said he did OK 'cause he has one negative ad and nobody has hit him.
I say, "John, let me ask you a question. I think we're one up in Wisconsin, but ABC/Washington Post -- " They did the same thing four years ago if you remember, th -- very close to the election. They said we're down 12, and then we won, right? But we were down 12. And it's disheartening. It's called suppression.
And you say to yourself, "Who are these people that are destroying our country? Why are they, why are they destroying our country? Why is it that they're destroying our country?" All of that stuff is gonna end. We're not gonna have men playing in women's sports. We're not doing it. We're not doing it. The weightlifter.
Like terrorists, they're being treated so badly. They're allowed to spy on my campaign, and nothing happens. They're allowed to write up fake dossiers, send it around to everybody, and it turned out to be a total hopes. There was nothing true in it. It was done by the Democrats and crooked Hillary Clinton.
And we don't win with our military, it's depleted. We can't beat ISIS, OK? Can you believe this? You know there was a time when we could beat Germany. We could beat Japan. We could beat anybody. Today, we can't beat ISIS. Well, that'll change very quickly. I would tell you. It'll change very quickly. That's going to change so quickly.
We're going to get rid of Obama Care which is a disaster, and replace it with something terrific. We end Common Core. We bring our education back to the local communities, like this local community where the people love their children and they want to see their children be well-educated. So important.
You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan, all the stuff, and got just enough Democrats to get it done, right? And I'll tell you what. When Ted Cruz says Donald Trump likes Obamacare... and he knows it's a lie. When he says other things... I won't even go into it because it's disgusting. These people are really bad.
One on one. And hopefully Canada will come into that deal, and if they don't, that will be fine, and if they do, that will be fine. Either way, we can live. We'll be very happy. I think they will, because we love Canada. We do love Canada. They've treated us pretty badly in trade for the last 40 years, but that's OK, it wasn't my fault. We're going to make a fair deal with Canada, just like we did with Mexico.
I used to run, when I would go out, see somebody, would go to a visit or go to the airport or something and every time I rode through, my eyes are watching the medians. "You got to fix that median, that median's been broken now for a month. You got to this, you got to that. Why is there rust all over the place?
Our Secretary Scott of the Treasury was -- is central casting, the whole group. But to get wokeness out of our military to restore the unquestioned strength and fighting spirit of the American armed forces, I have appointed Pete Hegseth to be our next secretary of Defense. He's going to be great. You know, I've interviewed with him a lot on Fox.
Did you know that? How do I change my vote? Something like hashtag, did you hear that, hashtag how do I change my vote? They watched the debate. I wanted, remember, I wanted that debate to moved way up, you know? Cause a lot of people voted by this crazy ballot deal. Wait'll you see the mess that things gonna be in.
He's a big man. He's all man, 6 foot 11. I won't talk about the weight. I don't know. I don't know what the weight is. I won't go there, but he is a big man and he's a great man. He's a wonderful friend of mine. That is really nice what he just said about the man that you want to be your next senator.
600 million people could pour into the United States, you'll have nothing left. Tell you if that happens. I know the real estate here. I love the real estate here. It sell fast. Behind closed doors when she thought no one was listening, she pledged to dissolve the borders of the United States of America.
Can you imagine? Okay, okay, imagine. Okay, okay, imagine. Okay. Okay. I love debating her by the way who won. I love debating her by the way who won. I love debating her by the way who won the debates, did we win the debates, you, the debates, did we win the debates, you, the debates, did we win the debates?
The United States is leading a 59-nation diplomatic coalition against the socialist dictator of Venezuela, Nicols Maduro. Maduro is an illegitimate ruler, a tyrant who brutalizes his people. But Maduro's grip on tyranny will be smashed and broken. Here this evening is a very brave man who carries with him the hopes, dreams, and aspirations of all Venezuelans.
You got to leave the tariffs. There are a lot of people didn't know it." Schumer went, "Well, I don't like the idea. First of all, he didn't like tariffs then all of a sudden he loved it. But when I made the deal with China, I left the tariffs on 25% and some different amounts. When I left tariffs largely on and nobody could believe it.
Not like they used to be, but what is, right? I said, "Captain, what the hell is going on here, Captain?" "No problem, sir." "100." Now, we're 100 feet. That's like -- I'll tell you what that's like, these lights. That's a little -- that's about 50. So, he got a little double. That's very low. And the captain said, "OK, sir, we're ready to land." I say, "Captain, you want to pull up, Captain?" And bottom line, boom, boom, boom, perfect landing.
'-- is reopening their investigation into Hillary Clinton. [Applause]
And, you know, people don't understand, but Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes -- very substantial tax increase. [Booing]
I'm going to put a big tariff on the car, like 30%, 40%, 50%. The car no longer has any viability. I'll say, come on over and hire our people and build your plant in the United States, and you won't have any tax to pay, right. And we did a lot of that. We did it with different industries and we did really well.
A few weeks ago, Attorney General Barr sent a letter to all law enforcement agencies announcing that he will lead an effort across the government to use the most proven methods of fighting terrorism and violent crime to "identify, assess, and engage potential mass shooters" before those shooters strike. And, last month, I was profoundly honored to award the Medal of Valor to the six police officers who brought down the mass shooter in Dayton, Ohio, in 29 seconds.
We have all sorts of healthcare. We actually had it beaten, but that's a long story. We appealed and replaced -- but we'll do it. We had it done, but something happened. But we need -- frankly, you're right. Heidi's vote would have been great. If we had Heidi's vote, but she voted against it, but we got, if you remember, the individual mandate was wiped out. So we wiped out the individual mandate which is the most unpopular part of Obamacare. We wiped it out. And then I have three more pages -- two more pages just like this. Look. [Laughter]
We don't have teleprompters and we don't have speeches. We don't have speeches.  I'd love to read a speech. It would be so easy, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for being here. I love Iowa very much. It's great pa pa pa pa pa, right? We don't do that. We speak from the heart and we speak from the brain.
That's already started. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. With God's help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and keep -- That's right. You better get out there and vote. And we will defend keep and bear arms.
Paychecks for high school graduates are rising faster than for college graduates. Young Americans just entering the workforce are also sharing in America's extraordinary prosperity. Since I took office, more than 2 million millennials have gotten jobs, and their wages have grown by nearly 5 percent annually -- a number that was unthinkable.
I can't believe I'm doing this to be honest with you. I dealt with politicians all my life. The last thing I wanted to do is be a politician. But we also want to make America great again. We're going to make America great again. It's not even a question. We're going to make America great again and that's why I'm doing it. And so I look at what's happening and I look at what's happening, just with one example, NATO, the billions of dollars that we spend.
And we've won them all by massive records, every single state we've won. You know that Iowa and New Hampshire, right down the line with Nevada, we won by we won by records. They've never had votes like that. So something's happening, right? Something's happening. The primary is Tuesday, February 27th. But early voting is available statewide starting today.
Thank you. Thank you to the Coast Guard. On a cold December morning in 1903, a miracle occurred over the dunes of Kitty Hawk, North Carolina, when two bicycle makers from Ohio defied gravity with a 12 horsepower engine, wings made of cotton, and just a few dollars in their pockets.
And even themselves, now they're getting hit hard. That's very interesting. Australia, many good friends in Australia. They were the toughest of anybody just about, there's nobody hit so hard as Australia right now. It's incredible what's happening. How sad, how bad it is. And we will use tariffs to protect American workers and American jobs.
And in the next fiscal year, it will all be done. We're going to have something that you won't even believe. We will end inflation. Slash prices. We've already ended inflation, raise wages, and give you the greatest economy in the history of the world. That's already happening. With our tax bill, the average family's take home pay will be at least $5,000 more than it was just a couple of months ago.
Since China entered the World Trade Organization -- another Bill and Hillary-backed deal -- 70,000 factories have shut down or left the United States.
Did anyone ever hear of him? He's probably like one of the strongest leaders anywhere in the world and he's the leader of Turkey. Fronts on both Russia, fronts on both Russia. Yeah, you could sit down. We'll be here for a little while. We got plenty of time. What the hell? I'm very honored that you're all standing, but sit down.
One of the great disasters of all time in terms of trade and China's entrance into the World Trade Organization. They were flat lining and they joined the World Trade Organization which was actually meant for them, to take advantage of us and they went like a rocket ship. And it became the China of today but today we're doing much better than China.
Like the USMCA replacement of the horrible NAFTA. NAFTA was one of the worst deals ever made, probably the worst trade deal ever made, and we ended it. You know, a lot of people forget we ended it. Now, we have the USMCA, Mexico, Canada. It's incredible what it's done for our farmers who are doing fantastically.
Finally, on behalf of the entire nation, let me express our gratitude to all members -- and I mean all members -- of our military serving in the United States Central Command and the United States Special Operations Command. We salute the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard, along with our civilian defense personnel, who are so important to the success of what we're doing.
Under the Green New Deal -- which somebody described as a high school term paper written by a poor student -- [Laughter] -- it's true. It's true. Who would believe it? It so -- it's so bad. But I don't -- I'll be honest with you, folks. I said -- you know, it's Saturday morning, and I said, "Matt, should we do a little more, like, spend time?" He said, "Yeah, would you do that?" By the way, everybody okay?
The concept was good, but they didn't -- we have unbelievable technology, can shoot a needle out of the air. It's incredible. But we do that. Wouldn't you feel a little safer, a little more comfortable if we could do that? And it's jobs. It's jobs in America. I will end Joe Biden's war on American energy and unleash our most powerful economic weapon.
All right, I love the question because every single other candidate is gonna cut the hell out of your Social Security. Remember the wheelchair being pushed over the cliff when you had Ryan chosen as your vice president? That was the end of that campaign by the way when they chose Ryan. And I like him, he's a nice person, but that was the end of the campaign.
They're not honest, and they ought to lower your dues, by the way. They ought to stop with the dues. They -- you're paying too much dues. As an example, they could've kept General Motors. They could've kept it in that gorgeous plant at Lordstown. They could've kept it. Lower your dues. Lower your dues.
We would be honored. It would be our great honor to bring back MS-13, so they can kill our people instead of yours. No, it's terrible. The people that run our country are stupid people. I will ask every state and federal agency to identify every known or suspected gang member in America. And by the way, our police are incredible.
Keep it going, and it will keep going. It will keep going. There's so much to celebrate in our country, the economy, the military, so many things we've done scientifically. The world is trying to copy what we've done, they're not going to be able to do it. Not anymore. They were catching up fast, now they're going in the wrong direction.
And they use it just to try and keep it down. But they're almost out. It's almost down right to the bottom. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. And if you look at your energy costs and your gasoline prices, they're going up and they're going up very fast. And inflation has reached the highest level in half century, and mortgage rates are now pushing a brutal 7%, and they are going much higher.
Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. I see a very good Hulk Hogan look-alike. Look at that guy. The only thing I thought is Hulk is about six inches taller, maybe seven, eight, maybe nine. Thank you. You look good. You look damn good anyway. But I know that -- I know Hulk is that tall son of a -- how good was Hulk the other night, right? Wasn't he great? I also want to thank Senators Eric Schmitt and Markwayne Mullin, two of the great senators of our country.
So we went from two to 68 because we said "Aid, you're not going to get it" -- or maybe you're not going to get it. Or we're watching. You have to watch. And amazing how that changes the vote. Isn't it amazing? But whether you're African-American or Hispanic American or any American -- really, any American at all -- you have the right to live in a country that puts your needs first.
Do you agree? Considering that your taxes could quadruple, I tell it all the time, Texas, right, Texas, they like oil. They like guns, right? In Texas, right, and they like God. So he comes out with a platform. No oil, we don't want oil. This is during the Democrat deal, there'll be no oil, there'll be no God, there'll be no guns.
Wow, here's a big crowd. This is a very big crowd. Look at all those cameras over there. Can you show the crowd? You know, could you show this crowd? They never talk about our crowd and in reverse they never talk about sleepy Joe's crowd either. It's about 12, 12 people just showed up, 12. Look at this crowd.
But I'd introduce him, and I wouldn't get much of an applause, and I get a lot of boos. And I kept saying, "You know, this guy is not very popular." But now, you know what, he's not popular with me either. They came to see me. They said, "Sir, would you like him to run for the Senate?" I said, "He's not getting my endorsement, I can tell you that." The Mitch -- the Mitch McConnell -- there's another beauty, by the way.
Tim Cane proposed nearly a $4 billion tax increase, and that's what they're gonna be doing to you again. It's a tax increase on perp is what's gonna happen. She's already said it. Massive tax increases for everybody and you have a governor who did in his first week. A governor who wasn't even popular with the people of Virginia.
We will make our cities safe again. We will make our country strong again. Ladies and gentlemen, we will make America great again. Thank you.
They want to watch the debates on television. They want to watch your favorite president on television. But the wind isn't blowing, so we can't watch television that night, Gladys, remember. Gladys, I'm sorry, the wind is just not blowing. We're not watching Trump tonight. But I'm immediately withdrawing from the unfair one-sided Paris Climate Accord rip off.
Like, do you ever watch political campaigns? All my life I've watched them. I've always been fascinated and they'll be fighting and fighting and saying horrible things about each other, it's vicious. Then one wins, one loses, and they go to make their speech, and the one that loses say, "I'd like to congratulate.
No, but I said, "I can be -- " I used to tell them all the time, the fake news, I'd say, "I can be more presidential than any president in history, except for possibly Abe Lincoln with the big hat." I -- I don't know about that. Abe -- Abe looked pretty presidential, right? What do you think? He's tough. He's tough. I admit it: Abe Lincoln is tough. But we love Abe Lincoln.
We need them in every church. What we have to do, we have to put our own drop boxes in. Zuckerbucks spent $500 million. And you know, if you contribute $5,700, $1 more than that to a candidate, they put you in jail. This guy gave $500 million for all of this crap that they were doing shenanigans. They were handing out the money like it was candy, and that's fine.
I got along with them. But "You are the worst thing." Think of it. I stopped Nord Stream 2. That's the biggest thing they've ever done. I stopped it. It was dead. And then Biden approved it. So, you tell me, who's a little tougher on just that one thing alone, sanctions, everything else. And they would have never gone into Ukraine.
Let's take a look at this video. [Begin videotape]
Thank you. I will ask for the resignations of every single senior military official who touched the Afghanistan disaster. I want their resignations immediately, and I want them on the desk in the Oval Office, the Resolute desk. I want them on at 12:00, Inauguration Day. Everybody involved with that disaster.
Well, thank you very much. Thank you very much, Miriam. I don't know if you know it. It's a great lady. This is a great lady. This is a great one. Thank you, Miriam. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody. All right. Let's sit down. Let's talk about Israel or Israel, as they say. I love the pronunciation.
We brought a lot of jobs back. Last year before the plague came in from China, you had the best year you've ever had. The year before that, you had the best year you've ever had until the following year and we're doing it again. We're building it up rapidly. China came up, they gave us the plague. It's no good.
It's been way down in the dumps and recruitment is the highest it's been in more than 15 years and that's going to get higher. And it could be 25 years, but that's going to get higher and higher. And that's a tremendous thing. That's a tremendous thing. And a poll came out that the spirit of the country is up 49 percent.
And I was able to keep the steel businesses alive. So many people in the steel business, they come to me, they hug me, they cry, they hug me. "You saved our business." And I saved many businesses by targeting even things like the washing machine business, the dryer business, the air conditioning business.
All of my life I've heard If you're successful
You know, she came here. Instead of this massive crowd that's powering outside, [Inaudible], she'll probably have what, 300 people? Well she's coming. Isn't she coming tomorrow or the next? See how many people. See how many people she has.
Yeah, there we should stand up. Come on. There we should stand up. OK. And by the way, we love our flag. By the way, you folks are in here -- this place is packed, there are lines that go back six blocks and I tell you that because you won't read about it, OK. [Laughter]
What's wrong with that? What's wrong with it? So, I mean, we just have so many wrong things. So, when this all started, June 16th I came down, and a lot of the pundits said, oh, he's never going to run, he's never going to run. Then I announce I'm running. Then they said he's never going to sign Form A. That's where you sign your life away.
These are talented people. The craft workers who make America run and who make America proud. We're proud again. We're proud again. And no one in the world does it better than you. Nobody. Nobody does it better. There's nobody in the world that does it. And we're unleashing that power again like we've never seen before, I will say.
I know what to do. And we will put the vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail. But first, we're going to see if it works out. We're going to kick them the hell out of our country because we don't want to take them out. And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs like MS-13, equally violent.
We're gonna build a wall. We're going to stop the poison from pouring in. We're going to do things that will make you so proud. We're going to be proud of our country again. Anyone who supports open borders, can never be and should never be allowed to be the president of the United States and she supports open borders With that radical pledge, Hillary Clinton betrayed every single citizen of the United States as she's been doing for many years.
I saw John Kerry on television the other day. "It is not possible." Now, we waited a little while. He went very, very strong. It is not possible and it was not only possible. We have many countries that are joining us very soon. We killed the founder and the leader the vicious leader of ISIS al-Baghdadi.
Joe Biden has refused to provide his list because the names will be hand-picked by socialists like representatives, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, AOC. AOC plus three and Ilhan Omar. [Audience Boos] That's a great one. She's a great one, always complaining, she's always complaining. Came here, things worked out for her.
Democrats have never been further outside of the mainstream. They're going crazy, folks. They're going crazy. More than 130 Democrats in Congress have signed up for Bernie Sanders, total government takeover of health care. Isn't that nice? This is one of the great -- It won't happen. He knows that. You know the guy never passed the bill.
You're not going to have -- when I look at your numbers, when my statistician writes all this stuff out, it's just one bad number after another. It's a terrible -- I mean, honestly, it's a terrible thing. Look, Columbus, Columbus. Ohio has lost one in three manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton signed NAFTA, right. Columbus has lost one in four manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton signed an agreement to put China into the World Trade Organization.
He goes in almost immediately after he gets into office. He ended up putting the restrictors back on, all restrictors. So now you can go buy a new home and you can't wash your hands. It's really a terrible thing, but we'll open up. That was one little thing that we're really just a few. It's just like with the electric cars where, you know, in a short period of time, everybody's going to have electric.
Cars, cars, cars. They just cut their yen. You know, they just cut their currency. Now it's going to be even harder.
So we're gonna have, if I win, the greatest people in the world. And I know more. You know, I come from New York. I got to -- I really deal like at this really high level. I built this incredible company. They said, income over $400 million a year. Do you believe that? What the hell do I want money for? They said, oh do you think he'll want to raise money for his campaign?
So we're gonna bring this country back. So thank you guys so much for all the. Thank you guys so much for all the. Thank you guys so much for all the support from our entire family. Thank you support from our entire family. Thank you support from our entire family. Thank you. We love you. I owe we love you.
We'll start paying down our debt. So many things can happen and even your electric bill will be a lot less, I hope. If we do it properly, I know. I'm going to appoint justices to the Supreme Court who will follow the Constitution. I'm going to rebuild our depleted military and take care of our veterans. I'm going to renegotiate our disastrous trade deals and they are indeed a disaster.
In the eight years before my election, the United States lost a quarter of a million manufacturing jobs, but the great betrayal of the American worker ended on day one the day I took office, and you know that better than anyone. The forgotten men and women of America Will never ever be forgotten again, not going to happen and they're looking for you, they're trying to figure out who the hell were all these people.
We need steel plants. And to see an old big monster plant like this reopening, that is an honor. And I look at the faces of you people. I could be one of you. I could be one of you. I like you guys. I like you guys, I tell you, but I could be one of you. It's true. Looking around, all these good looking people, it could be me. And I'd be happy if I was, because you're opening up plants all over the country.
Well, no I don't wanna talk about 2024 yet.
They know damn well that we're not going to forget it. And now we're -- we close it down, we save millions of lives. They don't say that, you know, we're over 200,000, that's terrible, but compared to other nations, it's -- it's amazing what we've been able to do, but we saved millions. It was supposed to be 2.2 million lives, right, and we saved millions of lives and now we're rebuilding it back and our economy is setting records.
Instead, I got us out of wars and endless wars. And one of the wars I got us out of was a war against ISIS. We defeated ISIS. It was supposed to take four years, and I got it done in four weeks. Would you say that's good? Because we have the greatest military on earth. We have the greatest leaders, but not the guys on television, not the ones on television.
Soon we'll be changing it to keep America great. Keep America great. Soon. When should we do that, by the way? OK, wait a minute. Soon we're going to have to change, because we are doing well. So when do we change make America great again to keep America great? I don't know.
They want to get out. They're cheating the next generation of Americans out of the future that they deserve, and they do deserve this future. They're going to grow up and they're going to have a scar. It's a scandal of the highest order and one of the most craven acts by any president in our lifetimes. It's the teachers union.
He's the greatest surrogate I've ever seen.
Nobody's ever gotten more votes, sitting president, and they beat us by a whisker. It's the only thing they're good at. They're good at cheating in elections. They -- they're good at nothing else, believe me. They're certainly not good at policy, policy. By the way, she changed every policy. She had 15 policies that she changed.
I don't care. You got a hell of a coach. The job he's done here, right? I mean, in all fairness, he's done a hell of a job. But I love the team. I love watching that team. So professional. So, are you ready? You got to get out. You got to vote on Tuesday. Everybody here, you vote. We're going to win so big.
He got to the end and he didn't say it and she looked at me she sort of smiled. I think she loved it in a certain way. You know, but she sort of smiled. She said It's too bad, I said yeah, then he said I have one more thing to say, "We must get out this year and fight and vote against this President of the United States." Can you believe it? True.
It's also taking jobs from African Americans who want so much to have those jobs. Illegal immigration also brings with it massive crime and massive drugs, including a terrible heroine problem right here in Colorado. You have a tremendous problem. Everybody is telling me about it but many of the states have that problem.
But, you know, the hard part is that three or four weeks ago, I was talking about Biden. He's incompetent. He's a horrible president. He's the worst president in the history of the country. Now, I say she's the worst vice president, which is true. She's considered the worst. She's the most unpopular vice president in the history of the country.
And I said, that's OK if you want to do that, to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of our country, and we did. We did. When countries were sending their young, strong people that had bad intentions, we didn't let them do it, and the countries paid hell for it. But we kept it, and we had no problems. And then you look at what's been taking place now, and you look at the millions and millions of people that are coming into our country totally unchecked, nobody knows who they are.
As Byron York -- Did you ever hear of Byron York? Great writer. From the Washington Examiner said, "The Justice Department forbids prosecutorial interference with elections." Very simple. The guidelines are very clear. Now he's just writing the rules. He's a great talent and he's writing the rules, and he's quoting the rules because nobody knows them.
Well, thank you very much. Hello, Las Vegas great to be with you. They have a big election tomorrow, we've already won the state. I like guys better. We just take it, just take it. We won it. I like it that better. You know the -- they say they're going to have a lot of problems tomorrow. I hate to tell you this, I don't know.
... and screaming? Just like the way he runs the country. Nobody listens to him. Screaming, OK? And I wanted to see the protesters, because these lying, thieving people back there, the media, they don't ever show -- they don't ever show my crowds. [Booing]
Thank you. I'm the only candidate who can make this promise. And this is one of the biggest promises because our country's never been in a situation like this. We have a man that has no clue negotiating with nuclear weapons. I will prevent World War III. I will prevent it. On my first day back in the White House, I will terminate every open-borders policy of the Biden administration, stop the invasion on our southern border, and begin the largest domestic deportation operation in American history, right?
That's what you are. Just think of it, seven years ago tonight, on November 8th, 2016, the American people delivered the greatest election victory, probably that the world has ever seen, probably so. The only one that's going to be more important is the one that's coming up in one year from now. It's going to be more important, I think.
We're up almost 70%, 70%. People -- people have said like in Nevada, they had lines where it used to be, you know, you'd look at the voting booths and people, they worked there for years and you'd see like two people in this massive room that have a good seat in Nevada which we won also. We won South Carolina, we won the South.
This guy is a winner. Say something.
The aviators, right? Are they called aviators? He's got the aviators on and he's so angry. He's just r -- and he's reading every word. He never goes off teleprompter, because he gets lost if he, he can't go off teleprompter. He gets lost. No, but the anger. But it's not really anger. It's agitation. Do you know what that means?
Nobody's ever even come close to that number. We've lifted 10 million people off federal welfare programs. Real median-income is now at the highest level ever recorded in the history of our country. Think of that. Real, real median-income under eight years. So, we're three years, right? But really less because when it was done, the stats, it was two and a half, but we had less than three.
Car rallies. Boat rallies, they just form. Without -- by the way, trucker rallies, they have trucker rallies." And it was very interesting, he said, and it's true, and they're organic, they just happen. They had a big one, they had a big one yesterday on Long Island. They had a big one in New York City. And he said, "It's very inter-" you had a big one here, yeah.
And yes, we will build a wall, and yes, Mexico will pay for the wall. They will pay for the wall. Crooked Hillary has pledged open borders which means there goes your country and she supports sanctuary cities. No longer folks. But she wants open borders. You saw that during the debate. WikiLeaks got her again.
You saw that. That was great. Trump at 34%, Gray Carson at 19%, Rubio at 9% and Cruz at 7%. He's been very nice to me by the way, Ted Cruz. He has been. In Florida, Trump 37%. How good is that? I mean, think of that. Rubio, 16%. He's the sitting senator so I'm at 37. He's at 16. That's pretty good. That's pretty good.
He's like, the most perfect human being, this guy. I said, "Mike, did you ever do anything wrong in your whole life?" "No, I don't think so." He is -- where is he? He is the best guy. That guy is right. I love this guy. I love him. I love him. But you know what I really like about Mike? So listen to this, to me, a very important thing is her bad judgment.
You know my applause. I mean there's so many. You take a Carl Icahn. It's a friend of mine. He'd be great. I a Carl take China. We'll be do we're going to do very well. I'll get it see. I don't even have to say do this or do that. You take Henry Kravis you take Schwartzman to it there's so many great but we don't use him.
He's not asking for anything. He said -- but he really is a knowledgeable guy when it comes to oil and gas. He said to me, "Hey" -- and they all call me "Mr. President." I have friends that, for 35 years, "Hey, Don, how you doing? Hey, Donny. I love you, Donny." For 35 years. Now they call, "Mr. President, sir." [Laughter] "How are you?" I have a friend -- a very rich guy -- Richard LeFrak, in New York.
You see what happened to him? Destroyed his life, destroyed his life. And it was a tiny, tiny piece compared to what she has done. And then she has taken thirteen phones and they're missing and they were destroyed. Many of them or some of them with a hammer. Foreign enemies with easy access, were able to, I don't know if they did hack her server.
I will end this Marxist crusade. I did it, you know. I did it five, six years ago. I did it. The suburbs were safe. That's why when they say suburban women maybe don't like Trump, I think they're wrong. I think they love me. I do. I never had problems with women. I never had any problems, but they say suburban women.
Now, he comes out in favor of Social Security. He wanted to cut the hell out of it. That's where his inclination is. Same thing with Nikki. That's where their inclination is. And they always go back after the election. They go back to it. Just like they try and reduce gas prices, and after the election, it goes up like a rocket ship, you know, which is what they're trying to do right now, Biden.
A lotta people. There's a lotta people here. If Biden gets in the economy will collapse. To save your steel jobs I imposed historic tariffs on dumped steel. Remember, the were dumping, China was dumping steel all over the place. I said, you're dumping steel. "We didn't do it!" Oh, it didn't? Oh, I see. They'd send it through other countries, right? "We didn't do it." I'd say, "How did that country do it?
And it's like, got this much on his side. We're going to have to get Elon to explain that. But another time, first, we have to get elected, right? OK. But he's on our side. He's on our side. You know where he is today? He's in Pennsylvania campaigning for us, not me, for us. Don't you believe? And he's a great guy.
Now, when it was found that I had more Indian blood in me than she did. And then it was determined that I had none, but I still had more. That was the end of her 32 year scam on colleges. But can you imagine any of these people up here doing what I'm doing? There'd be 200 people show up if they were President, if they weren't President, nobody would show up. Is that right?
She doesn't understand trade her husband. She doesn't understand trade her husband, sign perhaps in the history of the world sign perhaps in the history of the world sign perhaps in the history of the world. The single worst trade deal ever done. The single worst trade deal ever done, the single worst trade deal ever done, it's called NAFTA and I was witness to - it's called NAFTA and I was witness to it's called NAFTA. And I was witness to the carnage over the last six weeks.
That is why I have selected as your Attorney General, number one, a really fine person, a really good man, a man who has spent his career fighting crime, supporting the police, and defending the Second Amendment. For the first time in a long time, you now have a pro-Second-Amendment, tough-on-crime Attorney General, and his name is Jeff Sessions. [Applause]
yeah
What do they call it, No Kings?
That's what they want to do. That's the game they play. And in the end, they're not after me. They're after you. I just happened to be standing in the way. Here I am. It's been a lot of fun. It's been a lot of fun. Had a good time. You get indicted because, one of the indictments, "He fought the election." Yeah, the election was rigged.
Kevin Warsh. Kevin. Where's Kevin? I don't know, Kevin. I could have used you a little bit here. Why weren't you more forceful when you wanted that job? Why weren't you more forceful, Kevin? You're a forceful person. In fact, I thought you were too forceful, maybe, for the job. And I would have been very happy with you.
Get him out of here. Are these rallies the most fun, right? We have the most fun. Do we have the most fun? Yeah, get him out of here. Get him out. Get him out, so disruptive. Remember when Bernie Sanders, they took the mic away from him. That's not going to happen with us, folks. That's not going to happen.
Despite all you're hearing and seeing of China and Russia and Iran and others, our biggest danger is not from outside coming in. Our biggest danger is from the sick and radical politicians that are knowingly or unknowingly wanting to destroy our country. It's the biggest danger. It's a bigger danger than Russia and China.
Anybody that can cheat on elections so well is not that stupid, okay? And that's what their primo at cheating on elections. On my first day back in the White House, we beat them by swamping them. You know that, right? There's only so much they can cheat. We're going to have to swamp them. And then we'll straighten out our elections so that we'll go to paper ballots.
We love you, Alice. It's great that you're there. We'll always be your friend. And just quickly, I want to also thank Steve Witkoff. He's here. He's a friend of mine. He's been traveling with me. He's one of the most successful developers, and he gave a lot of money to Franklin Graham also. I want to tell you that.
No. I am for -- I am for and for -- a small slice is a slice, but you want to have gas-propelled cars. You want to have hybrids. You want to have every kind of a car imaginable. They want to go all electric, and there's no way you can ever -- there's no way you can ever load them up. They call them loading them.
You never saw so much power and strength and beauty, the beauty, and they were so proud, they're all saluting they're so proud, they're happy to have gotten rid of that crowd that was there before us. They're proud, they're great, their police. You know, every single police force, I think, can do this. I got the one yesterday from Chicago that said, easy Chicago and New York's finest endorsement, Florida, Ohio, every -- I mean, everybody.
We move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem. Every president, practically, for many many decades has promised that, "We're going to move." And I now understand it. "We will move our Embassy to Jerusalem." And take a look at Obama, take a look at Bush, take a look at every one of them, Clinton.
So we'll be taking in an excess of $200 billion; could be closer to $300 billion when it finishes. But these achievements would not have been possible without the implementation of tariffs, which we had to use, and we're using them on others too. And that is why most of our tariffs on China will remain in place during the phase two negotiations.
No, that means you're live, and every time -- it's tough. Look, in all fairness, they're putting it on, it's a broadcast, very few people are -- well, they might be watching us, I guess they do watch us. But here's the thing, and then, you have the guy up there saying that they're fake. That they're no good, that they're liars and cheaters, that they're phonies.
So, we've achieved a historic increase in defense spending. And we've created a new Office of Accountability at the V.A., our veterans, to ensure that our veterans... [Applause] ... get the care that they so richly deserve, our veterans. We've eliminated restrictions on the production of American energy. They wanted to take away our wealth. The world wanted to take away our wealth.
I want to thank you. This is amazing. These crowds are amazing no matter where we go. We're going to make America great again. No matter where we go, these crowds are incredible. And it's great to be back here in Tampa and to be back in my second home, Florida. I love my second home. I love Florida. [Applause]
The only thing I asked for is a mic. You don't have to give me -- I don't even need a stage. I don't give a damn. Give me a good mic. And I went through two of these today, and it knocks the hell out of your throat. But so far, I'm doing OK, right? OK. Is that better? Yeah. And did you notice, I also -- I came in today, and you know, this is after four of these things.
I don't think you're going to have another election in this country if we don't win this election. I don't think you're going to have another election, or certainly not an election that's meaningful, and we'd better get out. I actually say that the date remember this, November 5th, I believe it's going to be the most important date in the history of our country, I believe that.
Where the hell is Biden? What happened to that guy? Where's Biden? Tell me, is this the worst administration in history? [Audience responds affirmatively] Where the hell is Biden? Where's Biden? The ladies from North Carolina, what happened to Biden? The hell is going on. This is the worst administration in history.
They're not carrying their weight. And I made a statement and I said, "Look, you always have to be prepared to work." I don't want to work from NATO. But it is obsolete because our big problem now is terror and it's not set up for terror. That was set up against the Soviet Union and other things. But we don't have a Soviet Union.
His father worked as a laborer in Latrobe at the course, and Arnold won the U.S. amateur. He was a great player in college. He used to practice with his father. The father would have to borrow members' clubs because they couldn't afford to buy Arnold a club. Think of that. And Arnold tells the story. People start crying when they hear it. His father was great, but he was a very strong man.
Weekly jobless claims, -- this is boring but it's really good, -- just hit a seven-month low. In other words from the beginning of the pandemic, seven months ago. No, we're going to have next year the best year we've ever had economically, and it's true. Biden is holding back the stock market because, you know, it's an election.
We've gotta let them do what they have to do. Also with us is candidate for Congress Derrick Van Orden, who's terrific. Where's Derrick? Derrick, good luck. I hear good things, Derrick. I hear good things. Derrick Van Orden, please vote for him. When -- His competition is not good, not good, and also state GOP Chairman Andrew Hitt.
H comes before N. He goes the N1H1, whatever it's called. What was his name again? The Senator, maybe he was a Governor, Romney, Romney. Oh, that's right, it was Romney. It's amazing, you know, amazing and he gets away with that stuff. You only see it, you know, you only see it on the Internet. They never report it.
Under my leadership, we will have a great rebirth of loyalty to the American farmer and loyalty to the American flag. I'm going to pass something that's so important. We were just about set to do that. We had the greatest economy in history. We're just about set, and then we hit Covid. Covid came, a gift from China, from Wuhan.
We are going to demolish those cartels. We're going to crush gang violence, support our police, and lock up violent offenders behind bars. And we are going to straighten out the crime in our cities. We are going to straighten out the crime in our country. We're going to get it done fast. We will deport pro-Hamas radicals and make our college campuses safe and patriotic again.
I've also made a centerpiece of my economic revitalization plan, the largest middle-class tax cut since Ronald Reagan and the largest regulatory reform in American history. We're going to do that. [Applause]
They're incredible women, what they've gone through, they're going through a similar thing. And many of them, I asked about time, but this time -- because many of them, this took place a long time ago with borders and horrible people coming in. And I don't have to tell you about the crimes. But the level of -- of viciousness of the crime was unbelievable.
But now we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years, and where the stock market finished the worst first half of the year since 1872. Likewise, we are a nation that has the highest energy costs in its history. We are no longer energy independent or energy dominant as we were just two short years ago.
I'm happily standing in their way. But this is more than a campaign. This is a movement. I've never seen anything -- this is bigger than 2020 and bigger than 2016. I never thought I'd say that. I thought 2016 was really earthshaking, and it was. But this is bigger. This is more important because we've seen how bad they are.
But he's a great divider, Barack Hussein Obama. He's a great divider. But he never did -- you know, he came out the same way for Hillary. How did that work out? Oh. And his news, it's breaking today. "Sleepy Joe Biden has announced officially that he likes Trump more than he likes -- " Come on. [Applause] And he actually hates my guts, but he likes Trump more than he likes -- oh, he hates her.
Time Magazine -- every single poll had Trump winning every single debate. Every poll, every debate. I was on center stage, and I didn't know. I mean, Ted Cruz was this great student from Harvard and Princeton, and he was a debate champion. And they had me winning every debate. OK. I don't want to get into -- you know what?
Highest-taxed nation in the world. My contract calls for the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan. [Applause]
I have friends, they settle lawsuits and they can't understand why they are always sued. I don't settle lawsuits. We have people at Trump University that wrote most of them, that wrote statements and they wrote the statement where I love the school. I love this for some reason, I never saw this before. We call them report cards.
So, they should come together. I don't think they will. But I will tell you, it will be a beautiful, beautiful thing if we could get together as two parties that love our country and come up with that great health care, and come up with that great tax deal for our people and tax reform. And infrastructure and so many other great things. [Applause]
We have such great support in these areas. That includes, though, clean coal, shale oil and natural gas we have to protect. Pennsylvania workers will be hired to do the job. Hillary Clinton would rather give your jobs to people that pour into the country illegally. I explained how she favors a 550 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into our land. We have nothing -- we know nothing about them.
For the many American truckers who file taxes as sole-proprietors, S corporations or partnerships, we will cap your top tax rate at a maximum of 25 percent -- substantially lower than what you're paying now. [Applause]
Germany now is going back to the old-fashioned stuff, including coal, by the way, but they had no choice. They won't have a country, they won't have a country left. Who would've thought it was going to happen so quickly? This guy Ryan voted to raise taxes on Ohio families on 113 separate occasions, including voting for Joe Biden's 326 billion tax cycle in the middle class and every part of Democrats, inflation-causing spending binge, what a disgrace.
And I learned, he didn't say listen to this, this is the way you negotiate. No, I just like listened for so many years that by the time I was 14 or 15 I think I -- I could build a home as well as I could build it today.
And when one citizen suffers an injustice, we all suffer together. Loyalty to our nation demands loyalty to one another. Love for America requires love for all of its people. When we open our hearts to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice, no place for bigotry, and no tolerance for hate.
Then, they were making three years ago and they'd have two and three jobs. That's not happening anymore. You can go and choose your job. If you don't like what you're doing, if you don't like, if you're not having a good time getting up in the morning, all you do is find a new job, and you'll get more money, most likely.
So by the way, if you're supporters of the Second Amendment, got to get out and vote. Sorry. Support the men and women of law enforcement. We have to. And we're going to appoint justices to the United States Supreme Court, who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. We will rebuild our roads, our bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals.
See, now with me they wouldn't be able to leave, because whatever the hell they make, when they go to Mexico and they make their product and they want to send it back over the border and they leave us with closed plants and unemployment and Mexico gets the cash, the employment, the factories, everything, what happens is they make their product, they want to send it across, I say, no, thank you, it's a 35 percent tax to get your product. Right? [Applause]
Because we give everybody money because we're foolish. So we stopped a lot of it, I will tell you. We would've stopped it all. But then the thing called Covid came along. We had to solve that problem. [Audience member calls out "The China virus."]
They're never going to get you to the promised land, folks. They're never going to take you there. They're never going to solve the problem at the border. They're never going to get you the wall. Now they're starting to say, "Well we should build a wall." Remember this. Every time somebody says, "We should build a wall." Please think about me, OK. Just think about me and they won't build it. And by the way, by the way, they will build it because they wouldn't know where to start.
They got rejected by the legislatures, then they went in and did whatever they wanted to do. It's terrible. Then you had the laptop from hell. Right? Where the 51 intelligence agents said, "Oh, no. It was from Russia." They knew it was from Hunter. It was from Hunter. In other words, Nikki Haley is using radical democrat money to fund the radical democrat campaign operation that she's running in order to try and do things.
We just wrote this down. Time Magazine, they did votes as to who won the debate last night, right? So Time Magazine, 114,000 votes as of 6:00 p.m., Trump 56, Carly Fiorina 19, Rubio 7, Ben Carson 4, the rest, not doing too good. Then, Drudge. We love Drudge. We love Drudge. Donald Trump 51%, we had a total of 668,000 votes cast, Trump 668,000. Think of it, 51%. Second, Fiorina much less, like much.
You can't win with those. No voter ID, defund our police, they have things that are not winnable. In California, they send out 38 million ballots, and who the hell knows where they go? And they come back, and everybody says, you can't win California. Don't even go there. They send out 38 million ballots and they come back.
Safety of the American people. Ethics reform will be a crucial part of our 100 day plan as well. We're going to drain the swamp of corruption in Washington D.C. We're going. I will impose a five year ban on executive branch officials becoming lobbyists and a lifetime ban on officials becoming lobbyists for a foreign government.
Elise Stefanik. I call it the rocket ship. Where's Elise? She's a rocket. Thank you, Elise. Jason Smith, friend of mine. Great guy. Thank you, Jason. Wesley Hunt, Cory Mills, Dr. Ronny Jackson, he's a doctor. He's an admiral. Where's Ronny Jackson? He told me -- he said I'm the healthiest man ever to be president by far.
There's so much. You can't read them. There's so much. I'd be reading all day long. When they write dishonest stories, we should be a little bit tough. Don't we agree? You know. Real garbage. They're garbage. It's a garbage paper. OK. So here's the story folks, talking about garbage, talking about garbage, talking about garbage.
The Afghanistan surrender, what they did there. People forget. You know, the fake news doesn't like talking about that because it's negative. They only want to talk about positive, but they can't find anything to talk about because there is no positive. There hasn't been a positive thing happen in this administration since it came about with a rigged election three years ago.
I think I'll mention it tonight at the speech in front of the people of South Carolina, the world." That's a war. And it's -- you know, I think everyone agrees, a lot of Democrats agree, they say, "Well, I agree that that would never happen," but that's a war that never would have happened if I was president.
Anyway, we're building a very, very complex super luxury hotel. It's gonna employ a lot of people. It's almost finished. It's more than one year ahead of schedule and it's substantially under budget. Is that nice? OK. Is that nice? Wouldn't it be great if our country could do things where they're ahead of schedule and under budget?
Because they have no sources, they just make 'em up when there are none. I saw one story recently where they said, "Nine people have confirmed." There're no nine people. I don't believe there was one or two people. Nine people.
We'll let some additional people from outside in, right? Nah, that's not going to happen. Got a lot of people outside. Look at this place. You believe it?  It never changes. Could I ask the cameras to just take a swoop of this room, please? Do you mind? Come on.  They don't like to do that. They don't like to -- they like to keep that camera dead set on me and about six people in the background.
We will institute the powerful death penalty for drug dealers where each dealer is responsible for the death during their lives of 500 people or more. Mothers will never again be forced to watch their children overdosing and hopelessly dying in their arms, screaming, "What can I do? What can I do? What can I do?" We are a nation who's once revered, airports are a dirty, crowded mess.
So it is. It's a great -- and they're great people in New York and you know I went over the state and I know New York state very well. You had Syracuse and Rochester and Albany and lots of other places. Poughkeepsie. We went to Long Island, Bethpage. We went all over. We went all over. And Suffolk County, and it's horrible what's going on. You look at -- And same here, same everywhere.
were tough he is a great guy what a great introduction
In fact, we set up another call for the next day. But now I understand that they're looking at that call. Think of it. You got murderers all over Atlanta. Nobody can walk out and they come after me. Remember the perfect call I made with Ukraine, the president of Ukraine, Zelenskiy. That's why. I mean, I respect him because he could have grandstanding, said, oh, I felt threatened.
That was the beginning, when they said, "We have an insurance policy." That meant that they had a policy that if I won, they're going to get me out of office. These people are corrupt. People got rid of everyone, got rid of all of these people. And then we had the COVID. We had to take care of it. We had a lot of things happen.
We're going to keep make the same mistakes if you keep doing that, and we are going to continue to hear the same old excuses. These career politicians keep telling us that things can't change, that we can't find new solutions. That's basically what they tell us.
Then he mentioned it a second time. I said, huh, that's strange. And then I noticed he was like pouring water. He was sweating... I've never seen anything like it. I thought he just got out of a swimming pool with his suit on. I said, what's going on? And I'm saying to myself, I hope he's OK. Oy oy oy. Folks, folks.
Tough to beat. That's tough to beat, John James. But seriously, if you want to be well represented, you know, your current senator, I don't even know this guy. I don't even know this guy, nobody does. they don't know who he is, they don't even know. He comes into the office. I say, "Who is that guy?" I know every senator, Democrat, Republican.
What did they do? Could you send me the speeches?" And he said, "Yes, absolutely." And I read Bill Cosby's speech and Bill talked about graduates and parents and the importance of parents. And boy, I'll tell you what, in all fairness to all of us, without the parents you wouldn't be here and I wouldn't be here.
They can shoot. They can shoot as well as about anybody, but they love it. It's a great passion and it's good for them. And we will completely overhaul the corrupt Department of Justice to clear out all the communists who have weaponized government activities and gone against conservatives and gun owners, and we will replace them with relentless crime fighters on a mission to put dangerous criminals behind bars.
We're going to drill. And unlike Ron DeSanctimonious, we will always protect Social Security and Medicare for our great seniors. He wanted to knock the hell out of Social Security and Medicare. We're also going to fight to give you much better health care. Obamacare is a catastrophe for American families, and it has been for years.
They said, "Oh, this is such a big crowd. She's got such momentum." I don't think she's going to have a lot of momentum after this speech because I'm telling you about her, right? We're telling you the facts. I'm just giving you the facts. But they said it was such a big crowd, such a beautiful crowd. They never mention our crowds, like this crowd.
And then they get to sell cars, trucks and parts into the United States, no tax, no nothing. I'll say, you don't have to pay tax folks. And you know what, Ford will say, if I've got to pay tax were gonna to stay in the United States. I mean, it's very simple. It's very simple.
That also means breaking from the lies and the deceit of the Clintons. They want to scare you out of voting for change. The most recent smear comes from Bill Clinton, who said that the theme of Make America Great Again is somehow racist -- now they've unearthed video footage of Bill Clinton repeatedly using this same phrase. It's just one more Clinton lie, one more desperate slander to keep the people from having the future they deserve.
Joe Biden brought you only endless wars, I'm bringing you peace and I'm bringing our troops back home. They're all coming home. Endless Wars. Biden voted for the Iraq war. He opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden. He opposed the killing of Soleimani. He oversaw the rise of ISIS and he cheered the rise of China as a positive development for America and the world. [Audience Boos] When I banned China for coming in highly infected, he said it was hysterical and xenophobic.
But I really believe we'd be up 20 points. I mean, all they do is negative, negative phony stuff, Russia, Russia, Russia, the impeachment hoax. [Audience Boos] It's a hoax, but you know, we had great support from the Republican Party in the House. It was won 97 to nothing. And in the Senate, it was fifty-two and a half to a half.
We had to close it up. How 'bout that decision? We had to -- No, how horrible to have to make it. We understood the disease. We learned the disease. We have to protect our seniors, especially if they have problems with the heart or diabetes. We opened it up, and now we're at a level [Inaudible]. I used to talk about the V. This is a super-V. This is the biggest number, 33.1, and the news doesn't wanna talk about it because it's positive.
So she has the questions, she gave them to crooked Hillary. And I don't know, if you saw Donna Brazile the other night on television. What a -- What a mess. That was the way she -- she didn't know what to do. "Well, how did you get him?" "Well, ah, they were sent by Russia, Russia." You know, they're always using Russia like I have some -- I have nothing to do with Russia.
And I talk to these guys on the stand. These people on the stand. They don't even know what the hell I'm talking about. They're politicians. They're good at one thing, getting reelected. That's all they're good for. I see these people. I see them. I look at Rubio, he's a lightweight. He's a lightweight. Everyone say, oh Rubio, he's the next Reagan.
I said see what we have, he said Sir, we have a piece that's much bigger it's in a much better location and it has a building. Now remember, we're gonna spend between a billion and 2 billion dollars. I said, well what's the building? He said, the building is a building that's basically unoccupied, it's pretty big, we could fix it up.
Due to the hurricane, voter registration it's been extended. Did you hear about this? Through tomorrow, so register, you've got to go and register or we've really -- you know, we're doing something that's incredible, it's a movement. But if we don't win, all it is is a little asterisk in history. There's never been anything like this. So go and register, make sure you get out and vote November 28th [sic].
He'll be indicted for 10 other reasons. He'll be indicted for taking graft. He'll be indicted for taking money from China, from Ukraine, from Russia. Why did he take $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife? Why? So, he'll be indicted. The problem is you can't function if you're going to have to think about every single thing that's happening.
It's something awfully nice. You call somebody a certain name and everybody hears it at one time. So look, so some of these people haven't recovered but slowly but surely Marco Rubio, he endorsed me last week. Strong endorsement, you know. And he's a good guy and he's running in Florida for the Senate.
If you can't get rich dealing with politicians, there's something wrong with you. Honestly. I know them. The problem is with politicians and this is almost all of them, not all of them but the problem with politicians it's perseverance.
To restore the spirit of American armed forces, I have appointed Pete Hegseth as our next secretary of the forces. [Audience responds affirmatively]
I believe an easing of tensions and improved relations with Russia -- from a position of strength -- is possible. Common sense says this cycle of hostility must end. Some say the Russians won't be reasonable. I intend to find out. If we can't make a good deal for America, then we will quickly walk from the table.
He was flinging it. He didn't throw it. He flung it, right? Thank you, Brett. What a great honor. What a great champion. What a great champion. And what a beautiful boy and family, incredible wife. Thank you, darling, very much. Great honor to have you. Thank you, Brett. And I came in. I went down the plane, and I'm watching, and I heard him get applause.
And those include, above all, steel and the car industry. The car industry is critical to us. We can't fight a war if we can't make cars and trucks and engines and transmissions and drive trains. Surrendering our car industry is not an option. We have to make our car industry brilliant again. We have to make it bigger.
Look, whether you like me or not, you have to say that was good. That was exciting. Lot of tears were in this room. You're not supposed to cry. Mike, are they supposed to be crying? If somebody wins or somebody -- they're supposed to be a little impartial. Let's be a little bit more impartial.
Billions and trillions on the green new scam, on garbage that doesn't do -- that actually brings our country back. They don't think about nuclear missiles from different countries. And by the way, they can't handle them anyway. You'll end up in World War III. [Audience member calls out "That's right."
They don't want voting identification. And yet, when they had their big convention, they had placards in their front, fingerprints, pictures, the nose 15 different ways, side, but they don't want voter ID because they want to cheat. Now, think of it. Can you imagine? They don't want voter ID. Citizenship confirmation, they don't want that either.
We're going to stop the regulations that threaten the future and livelihood of our great coal miners. [Fact check: This is partly true but misleading.] [Applause] We have cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access Pipelines... [Applause] ... thereby creating tens of thousands of jobs. [Fact check: This needs context.] And I've issued a new directive that new American pipelines be made with American steel. [Applause]
And we worked hard there. My opponent didn't work hard there because she was told -- [Audience Boos] She was told she was going to win Michigan, and I said, well, wait a minute, the car industry is moving to Mexico. Why is she going to move -- she's there. Why are they allowing it to move?
There's never been a president so bad, and it's true. I used to go the five worst. And then I said, there -- if you add up the five, it's not even close. So I went to seven, eight, nine, 10. But literally you, could take the 10 worst presidents, add them up, and he's worse. He's worse. So if you want America and if you want to save America, I'm asking everybody to go and swampthevoteusa.com, swampthevoteusa.com.
So you probably saw recently on one of the networks. They had the former president, Vincente Fox on, and you saw it. And by the way, he used the F bomb. If I ever used the F bomb, it would be the electric chair, right? It would be -- He used the F bomb. And he said, "There's no way we are going to pay for the you know what, Wall." OK. And then I say, "Wow, we've made progress." because a year ago he was saying there's no way we're going to have the wall.
Go home, go home and watch." But we had -- we had -- This is about a 5,500-seat arena and I said to my people, "Why so small?" Are we -- Are we spoiled? I watch these guys come in like Biden, he has a -- he has a big rally and they get 93 people show up. No, it's true, I don't understand it. And did you see the new polls from USA Today?
We will take over the horribly run Capitol of our nation, in Washington D.C., and clean it up, renovate it, and rebuild our Capitol city, so that it's no longer a nightmare of murder and crime. Do you see the crime that's going on in Washington? Our beautiful Washington D.C.? People are being murdered all the time.
There are those who say it was the most exciting evening in the history of television -- the highest-rated evening in the history of television. And you know what, the election we have coming up on November 3rd is actually more important, actually more important. In 2016, you voted to fire the failed and decrepit political class and you elected an outsider as your President and I finally put America first.
First time in 78 years. Last one was the Air Force, right? Space Force, that's a big deal. By itself. If a President did that, they would have achieved something. We did that and we did hundreds of other things. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to respect our great American flag.
Not so bad. Right to try. You know what it did? These people, if they had money, they'd travel all over the world looking for a cure. If they didn't have money, they'd go home. There was nothing -- they had no hope. No -- they had no hope. Now they have great hope. We make the greatest products in the world.
We gained respect all over the world for our country again. And wait until you see what's going to happen because great, great things are going to happen for our country. But there's never been anything like it. There's never been anything like it. We've already accomplished more than anyone thought even possible.
Within 15 minutes, more than 100 members of Bagram -- the community, the base -- showed up to give their blood. That says everything you need to know about the men and women who serve here. Thank you very much. It was incredible. They needed it fast, and they got it. They got it. Every day, the fierce soldiers of the U.S. Army are carrying out harrowing missions across this land.
You have 19 days to make every dream you ever dreamed, for your children, for your family, for your country, come true.
It's just been announced that the residents of North Carolina are going to experience massive double-digit premium hikes. So high. And I say this to all the groups because it's also high, it's so depressing. I don't want to tell them what it is. So I won't tell you because right now you're happy and you'd be very sad, you'd probably turn your head down and start leaving.
This election is about safety and it's about prosperity. For years, you watched as we let foreign countries plunder and drain our wealth, shutter our factories, and steal our jobs. But those days are over, Tennessee. Those days are over. We've added nearly half a million manufacturing jobs since the election.
This man, what he has done. I say it often. I say the rallies. This is a nice rally, by the way. This is a hell of a rally. I just heard that, 42,000. We expected maybe, because it's freezing, right? It's freezing. I'm freezing my ass off up here. At least they could have given me a little bit of a heater underneath this.
It's time to break with the bitter failures of the past and to embrace a new inclusive and truly prosperous American future. Jobs will return, incomes will rise and new factories will come back, and they will come back rushing into our shores. It will be a beautiful sight to behold. Once more we will have a government of, by, and for the people. [Applause]
Remember? DeSantis. I said, "Never change your name in the middle of a campaign, Ron." I just put it out on truth. Truth is the greatest. All go to truth. Forget about those other places. But listen, I said, "Never change your name in the middle of a campaign. You could do it before, after, but don't change your name in the middle of a campaign." You said DeSantis.
When a company wants to leave our country to go to another country and think they're going to make their product, and because our politicians are weak, stupid, taken care of by lobbyists, special interests -- they're taken care of by lobbyists, they're taken care of by donors and special interests. That's what -- you know, a friend of mine -- very smart guy -- said -- I can't believe it. We're talking about a deal that took place about a month ago.
And I asked some of the people said so let me guess because I was looking at these cars just flowing and trucks flowing into Mexico. And again I respect Mexico for this. I like Mexico for this. I just wish our leaders were the same. I'm not knocking them. I don't not China because they outsmart our country.
This will be the largest tax hike in the history of our country, maybe in the history of the world, I guess. And if he wins, that's what's in store for the hardworking people of South Carolina, a wonderful state that we work so closely with, with Henry and everybody. And we had it to a level that it's never seen before, and now, it's never going to be quite like that.
You know, you do have great weather, you have the beautiful ocean, you have everything, but you still need somebody that knows what they're doing, and she destroyed -- think of it. She destroyed San Francisco when she was the DA. The crime started to be rampant. It was the best city, the best. And then, she destroyed California.
They were doing great. They were doing record business. But when I said how about coming over to commerce, a little thing called commerce. And now I don't think you could ever go back into that world because [Laughter] it's so big. He and Scott are in charge of -- along with others that are great, but they're in charge of the biggest deal ever made in history.
In 1986, Ronald Reagan led the world by cutting our corporate tax rate to 34 percent. That was below the average rate for developed countries at the time. Everybody thought that was a monumental thing that happened. But then, under this pro-America system, our economy boomed. It just went beautifully -- right through the roof. The middle class thrived and median family income increased.
Here in America, we are once again enforcing the law; breaking up gangs and distribution networks; and arresting criminals who peddle dangerous drugs to our youth.
How is that good for us? It's not good for us, folks. I went to the best school. I'm trained. You don't have to go to the best school. You don't have to go to high school to know. It's not good. It's not good for us. And too many things. So I'd be talking about trade. I love talking about trade. I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created that I could say.
Your doctor tells you it's not working. Your wife is disgusted with you. She said, I'm leaving. No matter, what she says, Darling, I love you, but I've fallen in love with another man. I don't give a damn. You got to get out to vote, right? Right? You got to get out to vote. My wife doesn't like it when I say that.
Thank you. Brandon. Georgia GOP chairman -- oh, I'm going to like him, I think, in seven days so much. I like him now, but, boy, am I going to like him, Josh McKoon. Thank you, Josh. I'm going to like him. Josh, are we doing well? Looking good? Looking good, huh? I hear it's looking good. And the founder of Conserve the Culture Michaelah Montgomery.
It's the big reason why we're leading in Pennsylvania. And the Emerson poll just came out, I just heard two seconds ago. Actually, we're up in Pennsylvania, Arizona, Wisconsin, Georgia, and they're the only ones they did. Even the New York Times, they're not big fans of mine. I'm not big fans of them, the failing New York Times.
We are working closely with Prime Minister Boris Johnson on a magnificent new trade deal. The most important difference in America's new approach on trade concerns our relationship with China. In 2001, China was admitted to the World Trade Organization. Our leaders then argued that this decision would compel China to liberalize its economy and strengthen protections to provide things that were unacceptable to us and for private property and for the rule of law.
There's tremendous love in what we're doing. This is a move... [Audience member shouts]... I love you too, man.
But this is what you've been waiting for because today, I am also announcing that as part of our tax cuts, we will make interest on car loans fully deductible. So, a man who's -- a lot of you people are in the car industry. Actually, I met a lot of them backstage. "What do you do?" "I'm in the car industry."
I've made a living, for years, looking for unused spaces and imagining what could be. Politicians look at blighted neighborhoods and offer only excuses. They look for one thing.
The only thing that can change it are the state legislatures and many, many cases that we're talking about, determinative, meaning election changing. Because we did much better in the second election than we did in the first got millions and millions of more votes, much better. Somebody said, "How'd you do with the second one compared to the first?" I said, "We did much better." I was told that if we got the same number of votes, 63 million, that we had it made.
Right? Our military -- do we love our military? Do we love our law enforcement? Do we love ICE? They're tough people. We need tough people to protect. They're dealing with tough people. That's the only thing that -- if you look at it, that's what they respect. They respect strength. They respect strength.
And most people understand it. Even the people that want it, they understand it. So we're going to do something. And a lot has to do with your governors and your people that are leading your states, and they're going to be given free rein to do what they want to do. You happen to have a great governor that's very much into it and she's taken the state so far, and we'll have other governors doing the same thing.
But what's a better phrase than that? We can't do better. How simple is that? Today, I want to give a few of these brave citizens the chance to share their stories directly with the American people. A lot of television back there. Of course, when I start going after them, you watch those red lights go off.
The best ever. The best ever. This is much better. This is stronger. This is stronger. This is stronger than it ever was. There has never been anything like it. There's never been anything like it. I was going to say, so Barack Hussein Obama showed up to help, to help Sleepy Joe because Sleepy Joe's only capable of doing one or two of these every three or four days, right?
They'll change the name. They're going to change the name of Pennsylvania. How about all over the country? They're taking the name of George Washington off high schools and other things. George Washington, that's one even I thought was safe. Abraham Lincoln and George Washington, their names are now endangered.
We're going to keep on winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.  America is thriving like never before. We may have, right now, the greatest economy in the history of our nation, and ladies and gentlemen of North Carolina, the best is yet to come. Together, we will make America wealthy again.
You see this stage? When he's finished with a speech, by the time whatever it is he's taken wears off, and he's looking. Okay, thank you. Thank you. How do I leave? That's what happened. This is the guy we have keeping us out of nuclear war. And by the way, I've been indicted more times than Alphonse Capone.
Other countries put it down to a heart. So we have to be, uh, -- we're gonna to start looking at things because you know, they have things back -- They have things a little bit backwards. They have things a little bit back.Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain in exchange for his party's nomination. He has handed control of his party over to the socialist, communist, Marxist, and left-wing extremists, and they are. [Audience Boos] And they're filled with hatred, venom, and rage.
Twenty-one million people came in under their rule, and she was in charge of the border. She's a grossly incompetent person, and we can't let this happen. We have to get the hell out and vote and get them out of here. The United States is now an occupied country. How about that? Do you ever hear -- do you ever think you'd be hearing that? We're an occupied country.
And I do it. They're already in the process of doing it. They probably won't even have to fire a shot because they're closer to the so-called leaders of Iraq who can't stand us. And frankly, we can't stand them. They're closer to the leaders of Iraq than we are. So as soon as we leave -- and by the way, they don't want to mess with us but we've lost our heart.
And by the way, I've met plenty of people in New Hampshire that are not our youth that have a tremendous problem, and I want to tell you, we're going to work with people, we're going to set up programs, we're going to try everything we can to get them unaddicted, unaddicted. [Applause]
Remember this, radical Islam is anti-woman, anti-gay and anti- American. [Applause]
They want to raise your taxes. They don't want to give the money to the military, where we need it. You know, without the military, we might not be here, or we might not be here for long, believe me. [Applause] Believe us all.
Got to be smart. We've got to win an election. Also, we're going to create tax credits for companies that bring our jobs back from China and other countries and impose tariffs on countries that take advantage of the United States. They've been taking advantage of us for years and years, and I've already done it in certain cases.
That's all he's good at. Frankly, he tells me if you said to build an apartment, he would be no good, but he can build a massive plant. He's the best. And he was telling me about, a year ago, that China is going to build a massive auto plant in Mexico and they're going to sell the cars into the United States.
Butler, that's right, it's going to be on Saturday. And it's going to be an amazing rally. You know, Butler has become quite a famous place. It's like a monument. Now, people ride through the streets of Butler, looking as though it were a monument. It was a very important -- we lost a great person, Corey, the fireman.
The common thread linking the major Islamic terror attacks that have recently occurred on our soil - 9/11, the Fort Hood shooting, the Boston bombing, the San Bernardino attack, the Orlando attack - is that they have involved immigrants or the children of immigrants. Clearly, new screening procedures are needed. A review by the U.S. Senate Immigration Subcommittee has identified 380 foreign-born individuals charged with terrorism or terrorism-related offenses between 9/11 and 2014, and many more since then, and this year is a record for identification. It's gotten worse, far worse.
We have to.
Other people are endorsing me being the biggest businessman. Some of them endorsed we don't even like me but they know I'm really smart. I do what I do. I built this incredible company. Remember when I filed the papers everyone said, "Oh he'll never run because maybe his company is not as big." What turned out to be much bigger much better much right.
We're going to bring back the American dream. And I want to just thank you. You're going to bring it back. And that's all you really need to know. And remember, Kamala and Sleepy Joe, they broke it. I will fix it, and we'll fix it fast. And we're going to have America that's bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before.
I say it to all my people, "You're so lucky." Charlie, you're so lucky I took you on this journey. I say it to all my people. Where's Hope? Is she here? Hope, where the hell is Hope? Does anyone know Hope? Hey, Hope. They're so lucky. Look at that group of people. There's Jared, he's making peace in the Middle East.
They're flying them to Idaho, Idaho potatoes. I don't think they want them. They're flying them to Iowa. They're flying them all over. You know, now, we have only border states. OK? Who would believe this? You know, they're saying, "No. No. We want to stop them." But they're flying them in by the tens of thousands on big, beautiful jet airplanes.
That's what happened. So, that was my last day in office. That was the lowest illegal immigration we've ever had. I had it fixed. It was beautiful and that included trafficking of women. They traveled -- you know, mostly it's women, by the way, I hate to tell you that, but it's women. Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children are missing.
Oh, oh -- I thought that was the Commission on Presidential Debates that was working. [Laughter]
We want to be there." I'm going to be announcing tariffs on cars and semiconductors and chips and pharmaceuticals -- drugs and pharmaceuticals and lumber, probably, and some other things over the next month or sooner, and it's going to have a big impact on America. We're bringing our businesses back. If they don't make their product in America, then they -- very simply, they have to pay a tariff.
On November 8th, the arrogance of Washington, D.C. will come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter. [Applause]
Okay. You've convinced me enough already. Okay, you've convinced me enough already. Okay, you've convinced me, I don't want to see any more plants. I - I don't want to see any more plants. I - I don't want to see any more plants. I don't need to see any more. I believe me, don't need to see any more. I believe me, don't need to see any more, I believe me.
Now is the time for bipartisan action. Believe it or not, we have already proven that it is possible. In the last Congress, both parties came together to pass unprecedented legislation to confront the opioid crisis, a sweeping new Farm Bill, historic VA reforms, and after four decades of rejection, we passed VA Accountability so we can finally terminate those who mistreat our wonderful veterans.
We took in billions and billions, but we saved our steel industry. We saved our washing machine industry. We saved many industries. We took in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and taxes from China. They did not like me too much. That's why a lot of people said, "I wonder why COVID came here." She will fight for Michigan families like no one has ever fought before.
Thank you very much, David. David's a good man. And he's going to really represent you, and he's going to work with us on getting your taxes down, etc. We're also joined by representatives, John Joyce, great guy. Where's John? Hello, John. Dan Meuser, who's fantastic, my friend, all my friends, and Byron Donalds of Florida.
No, no, no, you're too tough." This is what we have. How do you think ISIS is going to react? I -- I don't think so, right? I don't think so. Not going to be good. Now we have tough enemies out there. We have tough, mean, vicious, horrible, horrible people. These are horrible, horrible human beings. We need toughness, folks.
And we will live by the words of our national motto: "In God we trust." From Atlanta to Augusta, from Savannah to Columbus, and from Athens to right here. Right here, this is a nice place. It's a nice place. Valdosta. We inherit the legacy of generations of American patriots, who gave their blood, sweat and tears to defend our country and our freedom.
I said, why Mexico? He said, because that's where the big plants are building. China is building really big plants in Mexico and Mexico is building. What about here? Well, we're building much smaller plants here. Can you believe it? Can you believe it? What they're saying, Jim Jordan, is that we're going to make cars in Mexico, and they're going to do it. You're not going to stand for that, Bernie, J.D.. I have a I have a feeling JD is not big into that policy. 100% tariff, they won't sell any cars over here.
And that's actually good environmentally, better than having trucks going down the roads, everything else. But that's good environmentally. But we're not getting, we're not getting anything much for it. When I get finished with the Keystone, they'll be happy. And we'll be happy, OK? So it'll be good. OK. Question, Tana?
[Audience Boos] These are people that were supposed to be deported and they were given full citizenship. They made a mistake. This is totally unacceptable. Altogether, there are nearly 1 million individuals in the United States with deportation orders who have not yet been removed. In the 20th century, the United States defeated fascism, Naziism, and Communism.
I got $700 billion from the military. I said, "Excuse me, we're taking 10, and we're building the wall because you couldn't get them from the RINOs, Mitch McConnell and these guys. You couldn't get it." He was not good, not good. You couldn't get it from him, and Paul Ryan was like this real jerk, real fool, like a stupid fool.
I have a wart on the end of my nose. Can you believe it? And I said, I said, oh my god. I don't have -- look, it's terrible. But that's OK because they meant it. Well, I think they wanted to make me look like Carey Grant. Do we remember Carey Grant? And I've always wanted to look like Carey Grant. But anyway, you are beautiful.
Oh, did they suffer? That was a long weekend for them. The last person -- I know it for a fact. Hey, I know Hillary very well. I supported Hillary. I supported -- you know, as a world-class business person, as a business person, you got to support everybody. You got to get along with everybody. I know these people very well.
I let them go more and more. The stories got wilder and wilder. Then we released the tape, and Nancy Pelosi, who's major sleaze, by the way, a major sleaze, Nancy Pelosi, she said to her people, what the hell did you get me into? You hear this call? He didn't do any of this stuff. You know what they said?
An article in the New York Post was published recently called "How Donald Trump helped save New York City." The article said, quote: "Trump waded into a landscape of empty Fifth Avenue storefronts, the dust -- bowl mugging ground that was Central Park and a Wall Street area seemingly on its last legs as companies moved out -- Trump -- almost by force of will -- rode to the rescue.
Thanks there. She's so great. She is so great. [Audience chanting] I didn't know she'd be that good, that was good. Sometimes they get people up and they bomb. They bomb. She's married to a professional major league baseball player. He got lucky. He got lucky. Thanks, Kayleigh. But it's true. It's true.
They don't even think you can build the wall. I said, "Let me tell you, 2,000 years ago, China built the Great Wall of China. It's 18,000 miles long. They did it before Caterpillar tractors were --" Now, of course -- of course, China would never use Caterpillar tractors. Why would they use them, unless they built the plants, by the way, on Chinese soil?
Ugh. So fake, fake news. And the ratings are lousy by the way and compared to Fox their ratings. And a certain anchor, female, said This is really something he would go down as a truly great President if this happened. Okay, but all of them is saying This is amazing.
Because for a number of reasons, but number one she's so dishonest, she doesn't want the people peppering her with questions, so she doesn't do news conferences, it's a disgrace. I think it's 242 days, you know what that is -- and she probably won't have one, maybe she won't have one. Maybe we'll force her to have one, but she probably won't have one. So listen, since 2000 the number of unemployed people in Virginia has doubled.
You do know that, right? Whoa! Listen to that. Good, good. Hi, Pete. Good. Pete, I'm glad they did that. You know I wanted to do the -- Otherwise, I just wouldn't introduce you later. You know, I'll keep it quiet? They like you, Pete. The Biden plan will crush you and crush your family. My plan will crush the virus and you will see economic benefits like we've never seen in our country before.
Remember I said, take the oil, right? For years I've been saying that. For years I've been and -- Look, we have people running this country, who are stupid, who are stupid. I went to an Ivy League school. I'm very highly educated. I went to the best business school in the world, the Wharton School of Finance.
We're going to raise millions of dollars. Yes, go ahead.
It all goes away. You can forget it. No more cowers, no more airplanes, no more trips. A single car, make it electric, single car, you're not allowed to travel more than 162 miles. They'll call us the hermit nation, we'll never leave our house. Now it's crazy, but that's OK. I don't want to bring it up because I don't want to do it too early, maybe they'll change.
little tougher tone folks you know no time for
So Luther did that for me. And I remembered Luther. We have to be loyal in life, you know. There's something called loyalty with these folks. [Applause]
You know that one, right? And you know why I'm going to win the state? Because of her. I almost won it last time. We came within just about a point. That's a very -- because Minnesota is a very hard one for a Republican to win. And when we almost won it -- one more night -- I wanted to go there one more time.
It's a fake story. Adam Schiff walks out to a big bevy of cameras and he says about my son. Donald Trump Jr. will go to jail for what he's done with Russia. Now think of it, he said, my son is going to jail over a fake deal that was made up by the Democrats, and it was made up because they wanted to save face when they lost the election.
More than 4 million jobs created since the election, think of that; 201,000 jobs just last month, brand-new jobs. Wages are growing at the fastest pace in nearly a decade. And what happened this morning? Did you hear that? Two-point-nine percent, it's like the best wage number that we've had in many, many years. And that makes me very happy.
It's been many, many decades since a Republican did that, and I thought I was going to do it. I needed one more visit, one more speech. That's why never give up. Never, ever give up. One more speech. [Applause] No, we're very proud of Minnesota. Let me also say congratulations to the Bulldogs on winning the NCAA Championship hockey tournament.
They cannot get in. We want to thank your fire department actually, they've been great. You got a lot of people out there. That's like a poll, right, that's like a poll. So I just want to say a very special hello to New Hampshire. It's been a very important place for me. You remember 2016, we really had to come in here and win it and we won it by 21 points, and the rest was history.
It wasn't easy to get. You know how I got it? I said, "If you don't give it to us, we're going to put tariffs on your cars coming in." They stole 32% of our car making business over many years. Not over my years, but over many years. I said, "If you don't agree to remain in Mexico, then we're going to charge you tariffs on all those cars that you send us." And they said, " We would love to have everybody remain in Mexico, sir.
I don't want to drive the fake news crazy. [Audience chants "We love you Trump"]
We need it for our spirit. We need it for our soul. I totally transformed the federal judiciary, appointing nearly 300 justices and judges, and three great Supreme Court justices to interpret the law and Constitution as written. You know, many presidents never get the opportunity to appoint a Supreme Court justice.
He did a fantastic job. He helped me with North Korea negotiation. And we did so much for Israel and Iraq and the G7, G20. We brought peace to the Middle East, if this guy would finish it. But now he's going back to the Iran deal, which is going to destroy Israel, or there's going to be a big war more likely.
Isn't that correct? And the Army coach is a great guy, all great guys, navy coach, the army coach said, "Sir, if you do that, we can compete with anybody because we lost a lot of great athletes." He said, you know, we just can't do that. Now, they serve their time afterwards. Isn't that great? And we did it, they've been trying to get that for so many years.
It basically says that if China or any other country charges us 100 or 200 percent tax or tariff, then we will charge them a 100 or 200 percent tax or tariff in return. That message is very simple. Make your product here in the United States of America, you have absolutely no tariff to pay. It works beautifully, and it's going to bring business like you wouldn't believe.
She's gone. Getting her out is a big -- That's a big step. And I think Kevin and all of the people in Congress, I'll tell you what, that whole -- Well, people thought it was a fiasco. I think it was a beautiful thing as it turned out. That five or six nights of voting and voting and voting and voting, I actually think that was like a cleansing action.
Now, another issue I want to address today, finally, immigration. As I mentioned, Pueblo is filled with wonderful, hard-working immigrants. It's these hard-working immigrants who stand to lose the most from our open border immigration policy.
They are not elite, you are the elite. We are the elite. I get a kick. I hear so and so the elite. Then you see this guy, like this little schlepper, this is elite? I'm not elite. This is elite. We are the elite. You are smarter. You are sharper. You are more loyal. You are a hell of a lot tougher. A hell of a lot tougher.
Full endorsement for this man. Ted Cruz, where's Ted? Where's Ted? Thank you. Boy that was very rousing. [Laughter]
The importance of the president, when I look at what's happening to our country today, the president is such an important representative. Now, we obviously know that. But just a wrong word or a wrong -- like a yawn or going to sleep very early, like at 4:00. No, you just can't -- it's just such an important -- it's so important, psychologically.
I guess other people, but it's totally honest. You're allowed to make the payment could. You don't have to make it -- you can make it any way you want. It's a nondisclosure agreement. And he signed that, and there was nothing wrong with signing it. And this should have been a noncase. And everybody said it was a noncase, including Bragg.
Between November 4th and November 9th, scores of mail in ballot duplicates emerged. Duplicates. You know what a duplicate is, right? Oh, how did that happen? 96% of the ballots that came in on two of these days were duplicates. There were 2,382 votes who voted in person, even though they had moved out of the county. 2,081 voters had moved out of the state.
We have a big country with a lot of diversity, a lot of different states, and now we're supplying, we're making thousands of ventilators a month and we're supplying them to the rest of the word because they're not equipped to make a ventilator. It's very complex, very expensive. We're making thousands a month, we have all we can use.
So I said to the generals, "How much do we spend?" they say, "Sir, we spent $5 billion." Very wealthy country. I said, "How much do they pay?" "Sir, they pay $500 million." I said, "You mean we lose four and a half billion dollars to defend it?" And they're rich. So I called the country, right, I called the country.
And I call it a cure. They call it a therapeutic, I call it a cure. Regenera. And they have others that are very similar, great companies. I told ya before, Eli Lilly, et cetera. Through operation warp speed we will have a 100 million vaccine doses before the end of this year. The vaccine will end the pandemic.
And I say raise your prices raise your prices. Raise your prices. Tell your guys, raise your prices. What you do is really screw them on the sale of the raw materials. Trust me, you'll be richer than China. Because they need you badly. You have all the cards. And you know -- even Japan. Look, we love Japan.
It would have been very bad. They work, work, work 24 hours a day, always working, and then you say I'm not going. It takes the heart out of them, right? Don't you think? I mean, they did a great job in the hotel and I told them so. And Hillary said Donald Trump took time off the campaign. Can you believe it? Here's a woman who goes home and she goes to sleep all the time. Think of it. [Laughter] She's got no energy whatsoever. Everyone's talking about the fact that I'll do seven, eight, nine stops, I'll make three or four major speeches. Like, for instance, right after this we have thousands and thousands of people in North Carolina coming to another one. Last night, 25,000 people. I got home at 1:00 in the morning. Here's a woman, she makes a speech for 15 minutes, she goes home, goes to bed. [Laughter]
So now we have to do it again. They're totally crooked. They're fake news. CNN is fake. CNN and the others are fake news. They own Biden. They control him and they know that he will always do their bidding. Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt you is supporting Joe Biden. The failed establishment that started the disasters, foreign wars that hurt our country so badly and hurt our young people so badly, they support sleepy Joe Biden.
African American, Hispanic American, Asian American, unemployments, all of them, all of these groups, have all reached their lowest level in the history of our country. Think of that. Poverty is plummeting. Wages are rising. Incomes are soaring. And the confidence level of our businesses and our people is at an all-time high.
We have to get them to vote. If we could get the evangelicals, Christians, if we can get gun owners to vote, it's not even an election. But they got to get out. So, get your people at church to vote, OK? If you want to save America, get your friends, get your family, get everyone you know and vote, vote early, vote absentee, vote Election Day.
When you look at Pennsylvania, when you look at Indiana, when you look at Maryland and Rhode Island and so many places, we have problems everywhere you look. We are going to solve those problems. And one of the big problems, one of the big problems is the economy and jobs and that is my wheelhouse. So again, I want to thank everybody.
As soon as I enter office, I am going to ask the Department of State which has been brutalized by Hillary Clinton, brutalized. [Audience yells "Boo"] Homeland Security and the Department of Justice to begin a comprehensive review of these cases in order to develop a list of regions and countries from which immigration must be suspended until proven and effective vetting mechanisms can be put in place.
The guy screws up my hair. He's going back and forth. He was so disappointed to find out it was real. He couldn't believe it. Well, that's one of the great things I got. Everybody used to say my hair is phony, it's not my hair, I'm wearing a hair piece. Anybody here wearing a hair piece now? But the one thing, they never say that anymore because I've been caught in rainstorms. I've been caught in winds that are like 60 miles an hour getting off. If it's not your hair, don't run for office, folks. Don't run. Do not run for office because the gig would be up.
We'll have to work out some deal with -- because I do like the oh, Canada, right? It's a beautiful thing. I think we're going to have to keep it for the 51st state. I call him Governor Trudeau. I said, Governor Trudeau is doing a wonderful job. I think it's actually cost him his election, if you want to know the truth.
But that's what we want for our country. So, we're sending those people back, and these are the people that can do it. So, we're going to have a reformed Department of Justice. We'll, once again, be a friend and partner to our great local police and police officers general. And we'll be working with victims of crime very closely, but we'll not be working with the criminals that commit the crime.
They're emptying out their mental institutions. I go a step further. You know what an insane asylum is, right? Did anyone ever see the lovely movie silence of the lambs? Did you see it? Did you ever hear of Hannibal Lecter? He was a lovely man. He would love to have you for dinner. He will take you. He had many people for dinner.
Wouldn't this money be better spent on rebuilding America for our current population, including the many poor people already living here?
We can name one after another, but I won't do that because I don't want to be controversial. We want no controversy. The Democrat record is one of neglect and corruption and decay, total decay. The Democrats have taxed and regulated jobs and opportunity out of these cities, and out of existence. They've squeezed the blood out of them. Left wing mayors and city councils have opposed school choice, trapping children and failing in government schools left and right.
They drive right over that. You ever see the walls right over that you ever see the walls right over that you ever see the walls would have a wall this high and they would have a wall this high and they would have a wall this high and they build a little ramp. I don't even know build a little ramp, I don't even know build a little ramp.
And that's with their counting, OK? Their counting is crooked as hell. And they say we lost. But you know the real answer and we have so much. If we only had judges -- if we only had judges that had the courage to do what they should have done. Every time the radical left Democrats, Marxists, communists, and fascists indict me, I consider it a great badge of honor because I am being indicted for you.
With Portland, it's anarchists, but look at the various but look at what's happened to our beautiful New York? Since I've been gone, think of it. You know what, it's like three and a half years, if you think of it, I think what I can say is, if I would stayed in New York that wouldn't have happened. It's very interesting but look at what's happened to New York in a few years.
And by the way, speaking of Israel, the embassy is now open and happily living in Jerusalem. It would've been 25 years before it was built. You know the story, right? Our great ambassador, David Friedman, one of the most successful lawyers in New York -- he loves Israel, he wanted to be the ambassador to Israel.
We want no more child mutilation. Well, I'm against that, sir. I'll have to vote against that. I don't think so. You know what? I'll show you a defeated congressperson if that happens. That shouldn't be too tough. I will direct the relevant agencies to investigate whether Big Pharma and big hospital systems have illegally marketed puberty blockers and other unapproved hormone treatments, and if so, the corporations responsible will be brought to justice.
But we have judges that are out of control that say, oh, bring them back, bring them back. We don't want them back. We don't want them back. Can you imagine, you spend all of that time, energy and money on getting them out. And then you have a judge that sits there, local judge who sits there, federal judges sit there and say, no, no, bring them back.
And I can only say that it's been the experience of a lifetime for a lot of us. Some of you have been to 300 rallies. I see these people. And you're going to look back at this time in life, you know, and you're going to say there was something very, very special about what we all did together. We all did it together.
The radical Democrat, Congress has turned our country into one giant sanctuary for dangerous criminal aliens, and the Republican party we believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding citizens who love America. If we are going to make America great again, our first task is to make America safe again.
And I think we're going to get a lot of the Bernie Sanders voters because one thing we had in common, and it's not a lot, but he knew that trade deals were terrible and I know that trade deals are terrible. The difference is I can fix the trade deals and make them phenomenal. You know, a couple of the people in the Republican Party said, "Trump is going against trade." I'm not against trade.
And we will keep the US dollar as the world's reserve currency. It's under tremendous threat. Somebody said, "Well, how are you going to do that?" You know, one of these stupid people that ask questions. I said, "I'll tell you what I'm going to do. If a country wants to leave us and they want to not just consider us the world's currency, we have to be careful with it too. We have to cherish it and take care of it. But it's very important. It'd be like losing a war."
This is our people. But we had another case where France was going to charge American companies a tremendous tax for the privilege of doing business in France. And I said, I can't take that. You're not going to do that? And I called in some of my great geniuses, and I said, you'd call them up and you'd tell them we're not doing it and negotiate it where they don't have to do it. They come back a week later.
By the end of this year, farm incomes are projected to rise by more than $10 billion from the day I was elected. And under my administration, we will always protect and defend our great American patriot farmer. Always. Always. Thank you very much. We're reversing decades of failed trade policies, opening up new markets, and fighting to give our farmers the fair and level playing field they deserve.
As we secure our border, we will bring back our economy. And very simply, I will make America affordable again because it's not affordable anymore. They've destroyed it with -- they have destroyed it with this inflation, this horrible inflation, the worst ever in our country. Kamala Harris cast the deciding votes that launched the worst inflation of your lifetime.
I said, "You're not the women." And I was insulted because I come to their state and they weren't there. And I said, "Well, what the hell?" But now, I see that they're here. You can't ask them to go to two in one because that was in North Carolina today. Early -- we saw that early in the morning, and here we are late at night.
And we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. No tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. Our seniors are going to be happy. You know, our seniors have a, you know, very fixed income, most of them, not all of them. I'm a senior. Can you believe it? I'm a senior.
But one of the big reasons I won Indiana was because Carrier Air Conditioner announced -- actually about a year before, but I kept talking about Carrier, Carrier. I didn't know I'd need -- you know, it was going to be good for me. It turned out to be good for me. Because every time I made a speech in Indiana, I'd have so many of these 1,400 people that got laid off. They were in Carrier for years; some of them 30, 35 years. Good people.
We're opening crashing up on the rocks, we're opening crashing up on the rocks. We're opening the cores, getting ready to cut a ribbon, the cores, getting ready to cut a ribbon, the cores getting ready to cut a ribbon. We have so many press we had over 400. We have so many press we had over 400, we have so many press we had over 400 hope.
Any other protesters in the room? Any other? They'll wear out. They get tired after a while. They get tired. That was a Bernie -- she had a Bernie sign. A big professionally made Bernie sign. You know, Bernie -- Bernie, our communist friend is running. What a -- what a horrible thing. So those are Bernie signs right off the printing press.
There's no paperwork. We don't know who they are, where they come from. We don't know, is it Syria? Is it something else? Is it ISIS maybe? You know the story of the Trojan horse. This could be the ultimate Trojan Horse, folks. These are smart people. They know what they're doing. We have no leadership. We have a president that's, as far as I'm concerned, he's incompetent.
was in there campaigning with me but we had a big victory we want to miss a
Think of this, 40 million American families are now benefiting from the Republican child-tax credit, each receiving an average of over $2,200 a year. Now America lost. This is hard to believe because if you think how could it possibly be true, but this is what happened? Probably, it's the reason, number one reason I'm running, America lost 60,000 factories under the previous administration, 60,000. You wouldn't believe that's possible, but I know it's true because I've said it 50 times and the fakers back there, they've never corrected me. No, it's true.
We want to see local control. That also means we're not going to let foreign bureaucrats plan our economy or tell Americans how to run their country. [Applause] You know what I mean. [Applause] When I campaigned for president, I promised to renegotiate or to leave any deal which fails to serve America's interests. And I'm not going to allow other countries to take advantage of the United States any longer.
No one is more upset than fellow law enforcement officers by the small handful who fail to abide by their oath to serve and protect. My administration will stop mob violence and will stop it cold.
He gets released into our country, into our society. That's why Democrats want to give illegal aliens free welfare and free health care. That's why Democrats want to give illegal immigrants the right to vote. I'll tell you, we'll go down fighting for that one. Can you imagine? People -- you know, the vote was always so sacred.
Get those people out. They're grossly incompetent. I stand before you today as the only candidate who can rescue our economy from total obliteration and restore it to strength, prosperity, and actual greatness. We're going to restore you to greatness. [Applause] As the just-released numbers plainly indicate, the economy is now a disaster.
And I have my own experience, you know that. You see what's going on with the witch hunt. It's a terrible thing that's going on in our country. No crimes there. It's an investigation in search of a crime. It's been going on for longer than I'm in office. It's true. It happened before I even got here with -- remember?
Instead of rebuilding other countries, our plan targets substantial new investment here at home to fix America's transportation, drinking water and other vital infrastructure. This can be achieved through a focus on public, private partnerships, proven financing programs and tax credits that incentivize companies to make major job and wealth producing investments in your community.
They're gonna raise your taxes, put all the regulations back on, force all these companies that moved here and all over our country from all parts of the world. They're gonna all be forced to live, your gonna have a problem like you've never had before; because, and you know what they wanna do with the money?
We've rebuilt China. We have so much power over China and if they don't behave we throw a 10 percent tax on goods coming in from China. We will make a fortune. And you know what? They're gonna send the same goods.
Crooked Hillary is spending tens of millions of dollars on Wall Street money, running commercials about me that are false. Although mostly false, a little truth every once in a while. So many commercials. A friend of mine called up, he said, there's nothing else but those commercials. They're driving me crazy.
But we're taking a firm, bold and decisive measure, we have to, to turn things around. The era of empty talk is over, it's over. [Applause] Now is the time for action. So let me tell you about the actions that we're taking right now to deliver on our promise to the American people and on my promise to make America great again. We've taken swift and strong action to secure the southern border of the United States and to begin the construction of a great, great border wall. [Applause]
Obviously, I have a lot of people from Japan and other countries, South Korea. We have 28,000 soldiers on the line between North and South Korea. And every time potentially the madman raises his head or opens his mouth, we send our ships and our planes and we have everybody read. They gotta pay us something we don't get.
They were worse to him than anybody. He was a very depressed person. His wife was very depressed. It was a depressed kind of a thing. You know, is that a war? Is it a revolution? And he was getting beaten a lot by Robert E. Lee. They want to rip a statue down all over the place. But Robert E. Lee, Robert E. Lee was a -- Whether you like him or not whether you like statues or not -- you know they don't rip statues down anymore, I signed a law, 10 years in jail.
And the last day I think we picked up 100,000. So we have a force but I said we're going to hit them back so hard. And CNN put on Trump is going to hit them. I mean, I'm going to hit them with this with the lips. I'm going to hit them properly. They put out a thing Trump hitting -- you never saw people -- these people are so dishonest.
They work 29 hours a day, they'll say. He thought that a day has 29 hours in it. They are so bad. They're a big part of the problem of our country, by the way. I got to tell you, a big part, the fake news. But he said, "I work 29 hours a day. I work all the time. That's all I ever did. But now I don't have to work very much because almost everybody in this institution," a mental institution, "almost everybody in our institution," you could see he loved it, actually, loved what he did, but he said, "I have nothing to do because they've all been brought to America.
And you know it's interesting. The Evangelicals who I love. They got wise to lying Ted Cruz. And you know what, I have every single poll now I'm winning with the Evangelicals. I won in -- I won in South Carolina. I won -- they don't like liars. They don't like liars. These are very smart people and they're wise to it. So it's been amazing because he was supposed to win in South Carolina with 67% Evangelicals and I won in a landslide.
Anyway, Colorado is home to six great military bases with unbelievable people stationed at those bases. [Applause]
You know what they want? Safety. They want safety. A lot of suburban women, they said, "Oh, Trump's not doing well with suburban." I think we did great with suburban women. I think that we had a lot of bad things happening, but you know, they want safety. They want security. They don't want to have a low-income development built next to them in their house that they work so hard to get with their husbands, you know, and we ended all of that.
When we make a car, we sell it into China, and there's a 25% tariff. And that's just the beginning, here's others. A man was driving down a street in China and he looked over and it was a Chevrolet, like Camaro, does that make sense? Is it a Camaro? I think it costs $39,000 or $40,000. He's in China. He's in Beijing and he shouts across -- they're stopped -- he then shouts across, "Tell me, how much did that car cost in China?" Guy looks, "$119,000." Now you understand that, right? It's all taxes and taxes and taxes. We can't do that anymore. Can't do it.
Many of them don't even want to be here. In Aurora, nearly 3,000 illegal migrant children have been placed into your elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools once again at your expense, and at the cost of more opportunity for them and no opportunity for your kids. They're not -- your kids can't even get into their own schools.
I was able to catch it. Did you notice that right here? And I stopped for a second. I said, "Pennsylvania." Oh, that's a bad -- when you do the state of Pennsylvania, you get yourself -- I've seen it. Well, the worst was Biden. He's in Florida, and he says, "Thank you for being so nice. I love Iowa. I've always loved -- " Remember, he was in New Hampshire, and he said he was in Maine.
You do have a great governor and a great friend of mine, Doug Ducey. Come on up, Doug. And Senator Martha McSally, come on up.
But they don't know a lot of people running for office. So if you have a young, good Republican running for office, gets a subpoena, and then they leak it out to the papers, it's impossible for this guy to win a race. But the good news is we've gone way up. So we've done something that I don't believe has ever done before, and we're going to stay there, and we're going to go even higher if we can.
Politicians defending politicians.
We will ensure every Veteran in this country has the right to seek medical treatment at a VA facility, or with the private doctor of their choice.
This is so great. We did this as a quickie. We wanted to come in to this area. We're staying here tonight. And I know you have a baseball game and you have a big basketball game, we're gonna go really quickly tonight. But we're gonna say one thing, we're gonna make America great again. Remember that. Make America great again because that's what matters.
If you don't love your children, it doesn't matter. Does anybody here not love their children? OK. Then then I've covered 100% of the audience. Well, there are some, but they're sort of embarrassed. They don't want to raise their head. But, also, it's the -- once you oppose the largest capital gains tax in history and even a brand-new wealth confiscation tax or, as they call it, unrealized capital gain, where you have to pay a capital gain even if you keep your business or keep whatever it is that you want to keep.
And some are just -- I just don't want to say them because they're too -- they're too incenduary [incendiary]. We're also finding tremendous abuse, waste, and fraud in Social Security. Social Security is -- what's happening there is going to be one of the great potential scandals in history. On the program, there are over 4.7 million Social Security numbers from people from 100 years old to 109. Think of that.
I could see it. Stands up straight. Great guy. But I can see it. To the victor belong the spoils, right? We don't do that. We don't do that. We're so dumb, we go and bomb the hell out of places, win, win, then we lose. And how about Obama? So I talked to you about the 50. But how about this one? When he gave the exact date when we're pulling out.
You know where she was? She went to a sorority party. Can you believe it? Even though it was her duty as president of the Senate to be there. It was her duty to be there. Her Democrat allies fell in line. Chuck Schumer refused to shake the Israeli prime minister's hand. Chuck Schumer has become a Palestinian.
And now we have a war between Russia and Ukraine with potentially hundreds of thousands of people dying that would never have happened if I were your president. It would never have happened if they didn't rig the election. If the election weren't rigged, it would've never happened. Two years ago, we had the strongest border in history.
They're able-bodied. They have to work because we're becoming a nation of welfare right now. If you look at what's happening, it's incredible. A lot of people aren't looking for jobs right now because they make more if they don't work. We need to root out the corruption in our politics and the media. Our media is extremely corrupt.
We only care about New Hampshire right now. But I just want to tell you if she has the baby tonight in New Hampshire that guarantees victory tomorrow. Please, Ivanka have the baby tonight.
Thank you, Abe. Get out and vote for Abe. I hear you're doing well, too. I look at those poll numbers. I love poll numbers. Only when they're good. Otherwise, I don't recognize them. But you know they do fake polls just like they do fake stories, by the way. Suppression polls. They show suppression, and they do them very well.
Do you know the United States in 1870 to 1913, all tariffs, and that was the richest period in the history of the United States, relatively speaking. In other words, relatively, and they set up the Great Tariff Commission of 1887. And this commission had one function, what to do with all the money that we took in. It was so enormous that they had no idea.
Small businesses will no longer be at a competitive disadvantage, and small-business workers will now be treated more fairly and have many more choices. They didn't have a choice. They didn't have it. But even if they did, they didn't have a choice.
We're moving to Mexico. Oh wonderful. They've been there for 30 years, in many cases, and now they're gone. Not gonna happen with me. So what happens is this. They move to Mexico. They think they're gonna make air conditioners and they're gonna sell them back to the United States with no tax, with no consequence, with no problem.
Folks, we need stamina, we need energy, we need people that are going to turn deals around. We can't let China take advantage of us anymore. And we have the piggy bank. We have the advantage. And by the way, don't worry, you know, they like to talk about temperament. You know, that's a word they got from Madison Avenue.
And you really do have a great thing. And you know, hey, Jim Brown, was great, right? But you know, Jim Brown, I've always heard was a better lacrosse player that even a football player. I don't know if anybody's heard that. But great, just a great, great history. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much everybody.
So the H1N1. He would also say things like, "It's great to be with you in Florida tonight. Thank you. It's great. There were no palm trees or trees looked like this." And he did that many, many times. He'd be in Idaho and it'd say Iowa. If I ever did -- -- he'd be in Idaho, and it'd say, Iowa. If I ever did it once I'd be dead.
My priorities will never change: jobs, wages and security for Americans. [Applause]
I withdrew the United States from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. What a difference that made. Iran is not the same country it was when I came into office, I will tell you. They were looking to take over Syria and Yemen and every place, Iraq. Right now, they want to survive. They were looking to the Mediterranean, which is very far away.
you remember the word short-circuit can you imagine if i said i had a
Ten. We are going to ensure every veteran in America has the choice to seek care at the Veterans Administration or to seek private medical care paid for by our government.
What happens if the plant, that they're being forced to build in China, becomes much more active and you start making all of your planes there? Oh, well, I don't think that will ever happen. Watch. Watch. We're dealing with grand masters of currency manipulation. One of the reasons, among many, that I'm against Trans-Pacific Partnership is they don't cover currency manipulation.
They're not showing up, they don't want to vote for her. The Hispanic community, the numbers are becoming great. You know the Cubans, they gave me an award, Bay of Pigs award, last week. The entire Cuban community of Miami, Bay of Pigs Association. No, but a lot of trends are very disturbing to the media. [Booing]
If a little water hits the magnets, they don't work. So, I said to him, "We're going to have to do something, aren't we?" "Yes, sir." Then I see the architect. I say, "This is the largest ship in the world, right?" "Yes, sir." "Have you ever designed a ship before?" "Well, I did one about 10 years ago, sir." These people are so stupid.
We're not going to let it happen. Less than four years ago, we were a great nation, and we will soon be a great nation again. With the right leadership, every disaster Crooked Joe Biden has created can be fixed and very, very quickly. Every problem can be solved, and every wrong can be rectified. By this time next year, America's borders will be strong, sealed, and secure very easily.
Syria was under control. Iran was being choked by sanctions. Egypt was governed by a friendly regime that honored its peace treaty with Israel. ISIS wasn't even on the map.
One hundred percent. But the over 800 people really had nothing to do with the wall. You know, they had to do with a lot of other things, and it's a very, very sad -- can you imagine? We made them citizens and they were getting ready for deportation. So either something was very wrong, or they pressed the wrong button on a computer; but, either way, can't have it.
Seriously, you do. You have to remember very, very terrible because it's so easy to say thank you, and when they do that, you want to do more and more. But we did criminal justice reform. We did, the Republicans did it, and the Republicans now are getting credit for it. I was honored to become the first President to convene a meeting at the United Nations to end religious persecution.
What a disaster he was. He was a RINO. He was afraid of being impeached. Please, I don't want to be impeached. So how do you not get impeached? Don't do anything. You don't do anything. Remember they were going to impeach him, and then all of a sudden, he actually said no, he didn't see any wrongdoing in the election.
So we can have our local people who love our children and who really understand our children. Give them the kind of education that we want. We're going to repeal and replace Obamacare so quickly. So quickly. We're going to create strong, strong borders. We're going to build our wall. We're going to stop drugs from flowing into our country like water.
And by the way, listen to this one, we're under budget and ahead of schedule, do you ever hear that from government? Way under budget, so we're actually gonna be opening there, but it'll be great, but he can use my hotel, I'd let him use it free, you just come in, use it, go back to the White House, but you don't have to do that. But you say to yourself, why -- you know, it's a mindset, but more importantly even than the travel, we have so many things we have to do to straighten out our country. You don't want to waste time, you got to do this, you gotta make deals, I've got the greatest dealmakers in the world lined up to make deals for us. Carl Icahn, incredible guy, right? Incredible guy, great deal maker.
We're going to renegotiate our disastrous trade deals and illegal immigration. Stop the massive inflow of refugees. Take care of our vets, our great vets. And we're going to repeal and replace Obamacare, 100 percent. That is a disaster. Premiums are soaring double digits in North Carolina, beyond anybody's wildest expectations. It's a disaster and you're -- and you know what's going on. Your country will be left with only one insurer. You're going to have nothing, everyone's leaving. And you have one insurer. You're going to have nobody. Obamacare if failing, we're going to repeal it and we're going to replace it. [Applause]
When our nation was hit with the terrible pandemic, we produced not one, but two vaccines with record-breaking speed, and more will quickly follow. They said it couldn't be done but we did it. They call it a "medical miracle," and that's what they're calling it right now: a "medical miracle."
They gave me one option, CNN, Dana Bash, and Jake Tapper. There will be no audience. There will be turning off your mics as soon as you finish speaking. And if you go over one second, they turn off, and they make you look very bad. The good part is he didn't use much of his. You know, they give you two minutes, and they'd say, right, "You have 92 seconds left." And I kept saying, "I'll take it. Can I have it? I want it." I want the 92 seconds at this.
We're going to make great deals. You'll be happy. You're going to be happy, I tell you. How many people are from Cuba here? Come here.
Those peddling the narrative of cops as a racist force in our society -- a narrative supported with a nod by my opponent -- share directly in the responsibility for the unrest that is afflicting our country and hurting those who have the very least.Low-income African-Americans in these communities are the ones suffering in terms of lost jobs, lost property values, and lost lives.
Certainly, there are a lot of people that are waiting for it. And maybe it won't happen. Maybe it won't happen. Things can happen where, for instance, maybe somebody will say, I don't want to meet, it's too nasty. But it's really not nasty, it's just business and we're going to -- we're going to do a good job representing you people and representing the people of our country.
There's never been anything like this over the education of his grandchildren. Over -- he didn't report that he had a car or two cars on his income, I don't know. I wonder how many people here have cars. I wonder how many people said, "Oh, gee, I have a car that's worth X does." How do you even figure it? And I guess you do have to report it, but I would say probably almost nobody does.
They wouldn't give him to the ICE warriors. They're warriors, they're tough and they love our country. They're very tough and they love our country. And they're taking MS-13 gang members, they're about as tough as you get. They're taking them out of our country by the thousands, by the thousands and that's a tough job, but they love to do it. They love our country.
I will implement an immediate regulation freeze which will stop Biden bureaucrats from continuing to regulate. Most of those bureaucrats are being fired, they're gone. Should be all of them, but some sneak through, but we have to live with a couple I guess. I'll also issue a temporary hiring freeze to ensure that we're only hiring competent people who are faithful to the American public, and we will pause the hiring of any new IRS agents.
And number one, it wouldn't happen because the other Arab and Muslim nations really wouldn't feel comfortable making the deal that we have now, right, if Iran had that nuclear weapon that they were about two months away from having. They would've had it in two months or maybe less than that. They were right at -- This was our last shot.
You know, I had problems with nuclear. I saw some of the things. But what they've done with nuclear is like what you've done with AI and other things. It's incredible actually. It's long term. It's inexpensive. It's -- it's just -- it's safe. What they've done is really amazing. So we opened up the industry.
And as everyone knows, just this month, an illegal alien criminal in Ohio was charged with repeatedly raping a 10-year-old girl. These are just a few of the tens of thousands of violent acts. We're talking tens of thousands of violent acts being perpetrated by these criminals who were pouring into our country.
It said, we will begin the immediate denuclearization, OK, of North Korea. It says that we already got back the hostages and I saw it today, "Well, Obama got back hostages." Yeah. He paid $1.8 billion to get them back, OK. They didn't say that.
But these two guys were warriors. You've got a warrior here; you've got two warriors. I can tell you that. You've got a whole bunch of them. But -- and they wouldn't quit. They wouldn't take no for an answer. They just wouldn't quit -- these two people right up here and some others that are involved with it indirectly.
He voted for a massive tax increase on Ohio workers and families. And he voted for mass amnesty and free government healthcare for illegal aliens. He wanted them to come in. He wants the open borders. Let them all come in from all over the world, even if they come from the prisons of these other places that are very tough places.
These slain officers are an eternal monument to all of the men and women who protect our streets and serve our public. We will not forget them, and we will not forget all of the others who made that final sacrifice in the line of duty.
He wasn't doing television. You know, I called up. I'd said -- because I supported him. I gave him a tremendous amount of money. I did robo calls. I did a couple of speeches for him. Frankly, if they would've used me in Florida, he would've won Florida. But they're not smart enough. They would've won Florida.
At what point does America get demeaned? At what point do they start laughing at us as a country? We want fair treatment for its citizens and we want fair treatment for our taxpayers. We don't want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore, and they won't be. They won't be. I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris. [Applause]
We are going to build a 350 ship Navy, a 540,000 soldier Army, an Air Force of 1,200 combat-ready fighter jets, and a Marine Core built on 36 Battalions. Crucially, we are also going to pursue a state-of-the-art missile defense.
Yes, first one.
And together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Ohio. Thank you. Thank you.
Eric, Eric, these are good people. This crazy radical leftist nut job, James, should be going after the killers, the gang bangers, drug dealers and MS 13 Savages who are ravaging the state of New York. But the radical Democrats don't care about prosecuting violent criminals. They only care about persecuting Republicans or conservatives.
I don't know what's going to happen. Who knows? I would think they maybe will make a deal all of a sudden. It seems that deals are always made out of -- you know, out of nowhere, something happens, but there's a lot of angst. There's a lot of turmoil. But you just -- you just go along and you just have to -- somebody has to come out and tell it like it is. I deal with politicians all my life.
And we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you very much. Thank you. Go caucus. Thank you very much.
It's not gonna be a pleasant life, okay? It's not gonna be a pleasant life, okay, because there was absolutely they could because there was absolutely they could because there was absolutely they could have stayed there longer and kept - have stayed there longer and kept - have stayed there longer and kept shooting.
But you know you hurt a lot of people in the United States and you're closing up plants and it's costing us a lot of money, and I know you're going to sell those air conditioners back in the United States. So here's the deal. Here's the deal... and enjoy it. You're going to make air conditioners in Mexico.
Of course, I'd have about 12 people, right? Of course, I'd have about 12 people instead of 7,000 people, but - but I said very simple, but I said very simple, but I said very simple. I said Saddam Hussein is a bad man, bad. I said Saddam Hussein is a bad man bad. I said Saddam Hussein is a bad man, bad guy and I said it three or four times guy and I said it three or four times guy and I said it three or four times really bad cuz.
Should I or should I just go through this? But now it's just sort of crazy. I kept hearing the word like Russia because during my campaign, before you heard about the so-called Russia hoax, people would come up with me and they'd say, my campaign people, sir, do you ever hear anything about Russia? I said, no, not really.
They're great negotiators, you know, they'd say, but we are a developing nation. Well, so are we. Have you seen our cities? Our cities? You might as well redevelop. And we're going to do that, by the way. We're going to redevelop our cities in this country, and we're going to redevelop and fix our capital, which is a murder den.
That's a big deal. On both sides, they felt it should be. Now, like President Ronald Reagan before me, I support the three exceptions for rape, incest, and the life of the mother. And I will say that in terms of running, you have to go with your heart. You have to go with what you want. But the three exceptions to me are very important.
That South Korean deal is a disaster for us. But look at the people that give her money, and look how their involved in that deal. The US trade deficit with TPP members -- these are the members going into the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which Obama wants, which Hillary wanted, she called it the gold standard, but when she heard me talking about it she said she didn't want it. But as you're governor said, Terry McAuliffe, Governor of Virginia, he said don't worry, don't worry, let her get elected and she'll approve it.
Uncle Sam will be there. He'll greet you at the door. We're going to make sure they don't harm you, too, Uncle Sam, because these people are vicious. They send thugs out. He says -- I love this guy. He says, "Bring him on. I'm ready." This is the year we're going to take back the house. We're going to take back the Senate, and we're going to take back America.
Look. That looks -- look, there it is. We're live. Always live. Someday, I wish you'd turn off the live television, then we could really have fun. Right? It's always live. But let me give you -- there's no place that's more fun and there's no better people. And I have to say this, because we are on live television, we have to bring this country together.
Under my administration, we're fighting against the lobbyists, the special interests and the corrupt Washington politics. After years of rebuilding foreign countries, of which a lot of people partake in the cost of rebuilding those foreign countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. [Applause] We fight to build their borders, but we don't fight and spend no money to build our borders. Figure that one out.
Unbelievable. All of these happens. If it's OK. I'd like to have a moment of silence for the victims of the Paris attacks. Please. Thank you very much. Terrible, terrible. What's going on is terrible. And when you look at what happened in that case, it was just reported, one from Syria. Our president wants to take in 250,000 from Syria.
You're going to see each other. I'm telling you, this is something special happening. Everywhere I go -- it's not just here. I go to Iowa. I go to New Hampshire. I go to South Carolina. I go to North Carolina. I go to Texas. I was in Virginia. I was in Oklahoma. It's the same thing. The people love the country.
They're spending trillions and trillions on the Green New Deal. It's like taking money and throwing it out the window and it's causing tremendous inflation. Under the Trump Administration, we had the greatest economy in the history of the world with no inflation. Nobody's ever seen like it. That's before the virus came in. Then after we got it back, we handed something off that was so good and they blew it. And they blew it at the border because all they had to do was leave it alone.
Where cases are now surging despite very powerful lock downs that they've had. They've had very powerful lock downs. But don't take my word for it. I want to just show you something on a screen, okay? Very special people get this. We have a video on our fight against the China virus, and a couple of other quick things.
You going to have a lot worse than that. The way they're wasting trillions of dollars on Green New Deal nonsense and giving it away to other countries. Crooked Joe Biden's failed presidency has already cost your family tens of thousands of dollars a year, and now he's running on the biggest and most punishing tax hike in American history.
We're never giving him a chance. We're going to win, we're going to win big. This is a very important state- And by the way, and by the way, when they send out their millions and millions of unsolicited ballots. When you get a ballot, say, "Well, I wanted to go and vote, darling. I wanted to go and vote.
I think they'll do that because we've been very good to them. And I'm also going to ask Saudi Arabia and OPEC to bring down the cost of oil. You got to bring it down, which frankly I'm surprised they didn't do before the election. That didn't show a lot of love by them, not doing it. I was a little surprised by that.
You've already lost 70 percent probably from the heyday. It's dead. And we're going to now build it up. You're going to be bigger and better with the industry than you've ever been even in your heyday. [Applause] I got a lot of friends here. I know half the people here. Your future senator, I hope. Mike, you got to win this thing.
So everybody raise your hand, this is a protest, right? That's actually true. Under the Biden administration, these criminals would be set free. Under the Trump administration, these criminals are put in jail or they're sent home. We have to -- we can't do this. And by the way, the MS-13 gang members are the worst anywhere in the world.
We built the strongest and most prosperous economy in the history of the world. And we will do it again very, very quickly. It's happening already. [Applause]
You've been paying taxes all your life on that business. And now, the children have to pay so much that normally they have to either sell the business or close it up. It's not a fair tax. More in Florida than anywhere else because you have so many family businesses that cannot afford to pay a death tax. A Trump Administration will be a true friend to small businesses and to all working Americans.
And CNN, you believe this, has us -- they did Arizona, five up in Arizona. So, we're doing well. Daily Express, we're five up nationally battle -- in the battleground states. So, 47 days from now, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris. We're going to take back our country, and we're going to quite simply make America great again, right? We're gathered tonight to talk about the sacred bond between the United States and Israel, and it's a bond that's in serious trouble.
It's very, very close. It's very, very close. So, we're gonna win -- Because they found, by the way, in Wisconsin they have found massive discrepancy. Just so you understand. Massive discrepancy. But they said I was going to lose by 17 points and I won the state, okay? But it's very close, it shows very close.
The bureaucrats in Washington, gone. We'll be able to cut -- EPA so bad, so bad what's happening there. You know they're making the farmers. I have friends that are farmers and these farmers in Iowa, in different places, but in Iowa, they're complaining. I mean they can't -- they can't take care of their land anymore.
Don't get nervous. You're not getting nervous. OK. Unidentified
Obama and Clinton have toppled regimes, displaced millions of people, then opened the door to ISIS to enter our country. This is a not-too-smart policy, this will go down when people look at this in the years ahead as among the worst foreign policy decisions ever made by any country at any time. We have opened the world to ISIS and now we have to close those doors. [Applause]
And our very tough and very patriotic ICE agents are now removing countless dangerous gang members, drug smugglers. Look, you take a look at what's going on with the drug smugglers. And we are sending MS-13 out of our country by the thousands. We're getting rid of criminal aliens from Florida communities.
I talked about it and the fake news would go crazy. Why does he keep mentioning? Well, because we won in a landslide, that's why. [Laughter] They don't want to have -- they don't want to have Hannibal in our midst. And the day I signed this bill into law, almost every major promise made in the 2024 campaign already will have become a promise kept.
It's so disgraceful. They don't want to show you all of the jobs that the Black and Hispanic people are losing because they want to wait till after the election. But I've seen numbers, and when you see those numbers, the election is going to be over probably. Although, 818,000 jobs were fraudulently put in the -- on the rolls by these guys -- by these crooked guys in Washington.
My plan begins with bold structural reform to create millions of really good paying jobs -- jobs... [Applause]
And six months prior to the election in 2020, every one of those guys, we really endorsed Donald Trump. We think he has to, and you know why? Because if I don't win the election, their ratings are gonna go so far down, they're gonna be out of business, every one of them. Can you imagine, can you imagine covering Bernie or Pocahontas. Pocahontas? How about that? Pocahontas. Can you imagine these guys?
We're going to make America great again, everybody. On top of it all, Kamala say she would not do one thing differently from Joe Biden, which is totally disqualifying. And you have to remember this, all of the mistakes he made. And you know what? Maybe he's the worst, but they're all so bad. Think of this, 325,000 children are missing, dead, sex slaves, or slaves.
They may be big and strong and older, and to a parent, a child is always their boy or always their little beautiful girl, and I know that's probably politically incorrect. They'll say, it was terrible what he said about women, Carol. But they're our boy and They're our girl, and it doesn't matter how old we get and how old they get.
We have 28,000 soldiers right now on the line between North and South. And what happens -- what happens? If there's a war, we get involved. In the meantime, they're killing us on trade. Nothing against South Korea. I do a lot of business with South Korea. I have buildings over there. But honestly, we have to get smart, folks.
Still, go out and vote because I had a number at 25%.
I'll probably be the only Republican that doesn't want to cut Social Security. I'm not a cutter of Social Security. I want to make the country rich so that Social Security can be afforded and Medicare and Medicaid. Get rid of the waste, get rid of the fraud. But you deserve your Social Security. You've been paying your Social Security.
The weather's so beautiful. Do you mind? [Audience Chants "Trump"] So Ivanka said, Dad, you have to act presidential. You're doing so well, but don't fall for it, when they attack you, don't fall for it. Just yet -- and I said to myself, well, here's the problem. You have little Marco saying all sorts of things which weren't true by the way, weren't true.
She hurried home from work that night. As soon as she arrived, she found the pretty snake she'd taken in had been revived. "Take me in, O tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in O tender woman," sighed the vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. "You are so beautiful," she cried. "But if I hadn't brought you in by now, you truly would've died." She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed and held him tight.
And I'll get 40%, 50%, 60%, 70%. Who's going to win -- who won the debate. Yeah, it's a lot when you're 14, 15 people up there and you get 70% but I get a lot and I've done well. But this last debate for some reason even the pundits finally broke down and they said, Trump won. It's nice. OK? Took him a while, took a while.
We're going to [Inaudible] there's never been... there's never been a time where we've made so many decisions that have been so wrong. Whether it's the Iran deal, the borders like wrong. Whether it's the Iran deal, the borders like Swiss cheese. We are going to [Inaudible] great. We are going to do things so smart.
We have the greatest people. Anywhere in the world, the greatest people. [Applause]  And I have the greatest supporters. We have the most loyal supporters and the smartest.
He's -- I couldn't get him off the phone. Nice guy, he was a nice guy, nice guy. He came from beautiful place and near the mountains in Europe. You're upstaging a little bit folks. You're making make a lot of bad decisions in Europe. A lot of bad decisions have been made in Europe, and I hate to see it. I hate to see what's happening. I helped get the -- the big bid for the World Cup Soccer.
And we're talking a worldwide problem. We're not talking here. We're not talking Kentucky. We're talking all over the world, this is a problem, and we have a President doesn't want to mention the name. You have San Bernardino, 14 people. They worked with these two. They worked with them. They gave them a baby shower.
I mean, it's been wild, I'm a non-politician. The other day I served jury duty, right? I told you they had an occupation, I refuse to put down a politician, but I will say this, we have a great politician here. We have a man here who really helped in, he's the one person I sought his counsel because he's been so spot-on, he's so highly respected. Has anybody ever heard of Senator Jeff Sessions, huh? Jeff, come up, where's, Jeff, get over here, Jeff.
We're close to 100 million people, they say, died. But while Joe Biden now wants credit for all of our successes -- do you remember during the inauguration, he said he created the vaccine? I said, "No, Joe, we gave you the vaccine on December 11th. Remember, we put it into your arm to keep you safe, Joe." His radical agenda and far-left policies have already begun to destroy our country.
The United States is now the No. 1 producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth, No. 1 in the world by far. Saudi Arabia, Russia, but we're No. 1 by far, and if I get a couple of additional pipelines approved, which I will very quickly, instead of waiting 20 years to get them approved, it'll increase us by another 2% that will get them done quickly.
They're very bad. [Audience responds, inaudibly]
You saw that two weeks, they're buzzing planes going by. They took over. Yeah, they took over. You look at Ukraine. They took over during -- that was Crimea. They took that over during Obama's reign. Tough Obama. He's so tough. He's so tough. So look. We need competence and we need it fast. Hillary Clinton, who turned Libya into a nightmare.
There's no case here, but I've never -- " That's Alan Dershowitz, a Democrat. Greg Jared, who's a great scholar, great scholar, great guy. He came out with reports that were so damning. It was so horrible to actually read it, but this is really prosecutorial misconduct. That's what it's called. The innocence of people makes no difference whatsoever to these radical left maniacs.
They want to make a deal now because they don't want me to do what I'm going if I have to. So they call us they didn't want to make a deal with anybody else. So take India, so you're talking about free trade. So let's say they charge us 60% tariff on a product and for the same products when they send it in we charge them nothing.
Until the Iranian regime is willing to be a partner for peace, all nations of conscience must work together to isolate Iran, deny it funding for terrorism, and pray for the day when the Iranian people have the just and righteous government they deserve.
You know what a gotaway is? Those are the people that just run, and nobody knows who the hell they are. But we have 21 -- think of this, 21 million people, 13,000 murderers, to be exact, 13,099 murderers, the biggest drug lords in the world. They got them all out of Caracas, Venezuela. Do you know that Venezuelan crime went down 72 percent because they put all their criminals into the good old USA? We are not going to stand for it.
And I put a great man, a wonderful human being and a great leader, just a friend, Mike Pence, Vice President, in charge. And I had a meeting with Mike and a lot of the people running NASA. And I said, "Listen. You got rich guys. For whatever reason, they love rockets. We don't have to put up so much money. Let them put up the money and build." And you got all these guys sending rockets all over the place. We'll get the credit.
Now think of it. He's at zero. Actually, the other day, he had a zero, and the arrow was pointing left. That means he was at less than zero. You know what? I figured that is less than zero. That's crooked votes. That's when they actually take away votes. So, that would be zero less. That's good.
I want to take a moment to send our thoughts and prayers to the people of Texas and Louisiana who have truly suffered through a catastrophic hurricane. [Applause] One of the worst hurricanes in our country's history. And guess what? We have another one coming. You see that.
And no one is hurt more by Democrats than the war on police, than the African Americans -- are hurt more than anybody. They hurt more than anybody, and that's one of the great things about the debate the other night. It really showed what was happening with minority communities, with Hispanic, with -- It was incredible.
Because if we don't win this election, we're not going to have a country anymore, period. We're not going to have a country. We created the most secure border in US history and built nearly 500 miles of border wall. You know, they'd like to say 52 miles. No, we had some renovation. They call it a renovation.
I deal with them all the time. I know and I know I'm in many cases very well. These are not the happiest people generally, a couple of happy. Not too many because you know, no matter how successful, they all want more, more, more. It's never satisfied. And I guess, I get a little bit guilty of that also.
No, we're going to get them down 1,000 percent, 600 percent, 500 percent, 1,500 percent -- numbers that are not even thought to be achievable, because I've used a certain talent that I have and convinced the drug companies that you have no choice. The drug companies were selling drugs, same company, in Europe and other places based on what Europe told them to sell them at. And they said let America pick up the difference and I wouldn't let it happen.
By the way, if you see any crime?" Because we're supposed to. We have our crime because it's a lot of corruption there. "Please report it to the attorney general of the United States." "Oh! We should impeach him." I got impeached over a perfect phone call. But they didn't know we had the call essentially recorded.
You know, we had a great election, a couple of weeks ago in North Carolina, we won two House seats. We were supposed to lose, probably both of them, and we won them by a lot. We won them by a lot, and I think, we won them because of the Second Amendment, because it's under assault from democrats, but I think, we won also because of sanctuary cities, because some bad news came out of sanctuary cities, really bad.
I think they do like me. I'll tell you what. So, [Applause] they said -- and I said a week ago, I said, "I think women like me because I will be your protector, and I protected you for four years." We had no wars. We had no terrorism. We had none of these things that you're seeing today at levels that nobody in the world is experiencing.
Why were you so tough? Why were you so bad? You ever seen anything where they walk out of the stores with televisions and everything? The police are told, "Don't do anything," because they get sued. We're going to indemnify all police officers and some precincts, depending on where they are. We're going to rebuild our cities into beacons of hope, safety and beauty better than ever before.
You wouldn't -- you don't want to be. And she was brutal about three weeks before, but then she had a problem. She went to West Virginia looking for votes and that was a bad -- that was a bad situation. You remember that. And there was a coal miner around the table with his family and he was in tears because of what they had done to him and his family.
They said they were going to do it for you. We recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Our investments in the United States military include more than $300 million this year. Has anyone ever heard of a place called Fort Carson? Another place, Peterson Air Force Base? You know that. Another place, Peterson Air Force Base.
It would have taken three weeks to put up the final stages. They said, no, we don't want the wall built and I thought they were kidding, but they weren't. They wanted open borders and what they let into our country can never be forgotten. The last administration granted tens of thousands of job-killing tariff exemptions to your foreign competitors.
I think you'll be liking some of the things we'll be putting forward in the not-too-distant future. Do you know what I mean, yes? Do you know what I mean? [Applause]
The classic is when they get out of the car and they're looking all over the place and normally you get out and you vote. These guys get out and vote. Ding, ding, ding. "Oh, that was fully debunked." No, this is a shame what happened. This is a shame. And because of that, look what happened to our country.
Because when the government gives you numbers, like they say, 5.3% unemployment. The number is probably 32%. I saw one report done by a pretty credible guy, saying our unemployment rate is 42%. Because when you add back the 100 million people -- you're right up to those numbers. But add back half of the hundred.
So it's Thursday, February 8th, right around the corner. We do want to get a good vote. We're not going to have a lot of competition, I think. But it doesn't matter. We want to get a great beautiful mandate. This November, we're going to win the swing state of Nevada. You ever think of it as a swing state?
We're going to take care of our vets. We're going to really take care of our vets. And there's so many things we're going to be able to do from -- you know our vets wait sometimes, Chris, six, seven days just to see a doctor. Your suicide rate is the highest rate that anybody can even think of. You can't even believe it could be this high.
But what it is, is it's the vote of the people. They just voted in Kansas, it was a far more -- we won both those states by a lot but it was a far more liberal vote and in some cases, you have a little bit of the opposite. But we took it out of the federal government where it never belonged. And this used to be only a question of, "Will it be in the federal government?
In June, 49 Americans were executed at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, and another 53 were injured terribly. It was the worst mass shooting in our history and the worst attack on the LGBTQ community in our history.
And then, I went to South Carolina, I went to Massachusetts, I went all over the place, no matter where I went, heroin, and drugs that pour across the Southern Border. And I said to the people of New Hampshire, my first victory, I love them. I love them. I said to the people of New Hampshire, look, if I get elected we're going to solve your problem.
I know so much about airplanes. When I heard 3 billion, I said, "Oh." I said, "Let's buy some of that Boeing stock because that's a lot." So -- but look. So, everybody wanted it. Hyatt, the Pritzker family is Obama's biggest supporter, just about, from Chicago. Nice family, good family. They wanted it for Hyatt.
We had the best economy ever. We had the wall. We had everything. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] I built [Audience member calls out "We love you."] over 500 miles of wall. They don't even talk about the wall. But we had the best border, the safest border. I won't pull down my world's favorite chart because I don't want to waste a lot of your time.
Boy, would that be easy. That would be an easy function.
But when I took those pictures, it was so beautiful. They were -- everybody was crying. They were talking about three years ago because of a grossly incompetent group of generals. And we have great generals. Don't forget we defeated ISIS entirely with great generals, real generals, not these television morons that you see all the time.
I don't believe that our country can take any more of this. I -- without -- just gone. I don't believe it can take anymore. It's going to be a -- can't take this. This is -- this is -- this is abnormal abuse, abnormal abuse. And I heard somebody said the wall. I built 571 miles of wall, which is much more than I said I was going to build.
They're coming in from all over the world. They're coming in from jails and prisons. There's a slight difference between the two. One's rougher than the other. They're coming in from mental institutions, but they're coming in from insane asylums. They're dumping everybody into our country from all over the world.
I think we're gonna have a tremendous victory in all of these states they're talking about. I see all of them, maybe. We're gonna have a tremendous evening. I, I hope so. For the good of our country, I hope so. You see the alternative. I'm sorry. But this is not just an alternative. We're doing a great job, but we wanna keep it going, okay?
Under our leadership, the household wealth of the median Hispanic family grew by an astounding 65%. That's in a short period of time. And if you looked at it, just prior to the plague coming in from China, the numbers were numbers that nobody could even believe. I remember a very famous pollster, very well known, John McLaughlin, came to my office just prior to the plague coming in. He said, "Sir, if George Washington and Abraham Lincoln came alive from the dead, and they formed a president-vice president team, you would beat them by 40%." That's how good our numbers were.
All right, so here's the story. We have millions of people -- [Audience member calls out, apparently in protest] Get out of here. Get out of here. Get him out. Get him out. Bye, bye. Bye, bye. Thank you. By the way, what do they do? Do they arrest these people? What happens? Do they arrest them or do they just put them outside?
I look at Obama and I say -- Because I have so many different things. There's luck. There's -- there's you know -- you need to hire the right people and you need not to trust them at all because they'll take the shirt off your back. You know my mother, in one speech, was there and I told -- I said that you need to get great people and not trust them.
So we can explain the whole thing. I've been explaining the whole thing. I actually think, he's a very nice guy. I think, it's a very smart move. But I just want you to understand, these newspapers are so corrupt and so dishonest. We had to do something about it. We got to do something about it. So -- so Tennessee was going to have a car plant.
True. [Applause]
Hey, get out. You're not supposed to be here, you have to go through a process. You know what we do? We take them -- we can't do anything -- we bring them through a court proceeding. We take a person who walks onto our property we have a big deal -- a court case. They have lawyers, we have lawyers and what happens is then they go away and is supposed to come back for the trial.
We're Americans. [Audience chants "USA"] So you heard this word, and while my opponent Hillary Clinton, ay -- [Audience yells "Boo"] How many years have we been saying this name? You know, I keep hearing that she wants to do this, she wants to do that. Where has she been for 35 years, she's been doing this?
Can you imagine this? This is a good woman. This is a religious woman, and they throw her in jail. I will also create a new federal task force on fighting anti-Christian bias. Its mission will be to investigate all forms of illegal discrimination, harassment, persecution against Christians in America. And it's taking place at a level that nobody can believe.
Within the next year, we are going to be exceeding any expectation. And I've had a good gut feeling about a lot of things, including running for President. I said, "I think I could win." And I guess I was right.
And he came out in favor of Donald Trump, and he said, "I'm going to do something that's going to surprise some people," but this guy has done more for the Black population than any president. And I think he included Abraham Lincoln, but I'm not 100% sure. But it's a great honor. And we just had a poll, 22% and 25%. We had another poll that was really incredible.
Melania in a beautiful white suit and me waving. Hi, I didn't even know who the hell I was waving to. And I came down and we made a speech and we talked about illegal immigration, right? Did I take heat? Did I take? Rush Limbaugh said he has never seen so much in coming to one person. It's true. I took -- I've never had anything like it. And then two weeks later, it started dying down, dying down.
But they knew that it was not something that was going to, and the fact is for four years, it didn't happen. It's never even thought about, nor did Taiwan happen with President Xi of China. That didn't happen. With the support of all the Patriots here tonight, we saved our country once, and together we will save our country again.
We don't know where they are or where they're coming from. They don't have paperwork. There's no reliable source that can vet these people. It could be the all- time great Trojan horse.
I mean do things that have not been done. I mean we're gonna build that wall. It's gonna, we're gonna build that wall, it's gonna, we're gonna build that wall, it's gonna be a beautiful, big, strong, powerful wall, be a beautiful, big, strong, powerful wall, be a beautiful big, strong, powerful wall and people are gonna come through.
He said a couple of Democrats. Anyway, keep up the good work, everybody. Thanks. Thanks, Debbie. A woman who's as strong as they come and as smart as they come and fought for election integrity, which you didn't have a lot in your state. And -- but she fought, and she has really proven the point, and it continues.
We were going in a direction like we had never seen. The most successful economy in the history of our country, the best unemployment numbers in history for African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American, women, college students, bad students, good students, everybody. If you had a diploma, if you didn't have a diploma, didn't matter, you were doing well.
Right now we lose all of this money. You look at Japan. The biggest ships you've ever seen floating. And I was in Los Angeles. They float on these massive, massive ships, loaded up with cars. And the cars are pouring, just like, I mean NASCAR. I love NASCAR.
And I never said it during a campaign, I said it after I became president. I saw what was happening with China and Russia and others. And it's really something, so we're very proud of it. Finally, we have with us members of the US Coast Guard Port Security Unit 308 under Captain General Rocco [Inaudible]. You're joined with us from Guantanamo Bay where you secure our coastal waters, combat drug traffickers, escort vessels, and protect our forces in the region.
But, in order to ensure the other big move -- the Iranian regime never obtains nuclear weapons. I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal three weeks ago. Instead of apologizing for America, which we always do, we are finally standing up for our great country.
It's for the message. We want to win again. We want to win. We want to win. So just two minutes ago, Fox -- we like Fox, right? They came out with their poll and it's brand new, so I'll give it to you. Trump, 27; Rubio, second place, 13; Carson, 9. He's going down. He's going down. He's got to know about foreign policy.
He's never done it before. [Applause] And he's great. He's a great guy. He can throw a ball 80 yards. He could rip the -- he could rip the hand. Sometimes, he threw it a little too hard. It rips the hands off the receiver. But he was great, one of the greatest. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., we have. And he's going to work on health and women's health and all of the different reasons because we're not really a wealthy or a healthy country.
And she is, as you know, the most radical left person ever even thought of for high office, certainly for the Office of President. People don't know the real Kamala, but I do. And people that do what I do, they also know. But she is so far left that nobody can even imagine, and her real thoughts are there.
Nothing. [Applause] A long-standing policy to ensure taxpayer dollars do not fund abortion services overseas. [Applause] We have issued executive orders to remove wasteful regulations that slow down commerce and delay infrastructure -- which we desperately need. The very beginning of a massive effort to reduce the crushing regulations on our economy and we are going to reduce regulations big-time. [Applause]
$6 billion we got approved. Thanks to our 2$ billion investment in new armored vehicle, workers at the legendary tank plant in Lima, Ohio, are now back on the job, churning out M1 Abrams tanks. Do you like that, Abrams tanks?
We'd go to rallies with 50,000, 52,000, 68,000, 101,000. We had a rally, and they'd go to rally, and they'd have like -- like in the case of Biden, he'd have eight circles, beautiful little circles, and they'd have to use the media to stand them because they had no people. And then you hear, "Oh, they won just by a little bit.
That was a big thing, doing that. I mean, the numbers are really incredible -- DOGE. So, it was a very big thing. We terminated the left-wing money laundering scam known as USAID. How about the money that was going out? How about the money that was going out, billions and billions. They were giving individual people billions of dollars.
[Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much. I mean, how sad is that? It's a couple of days old, shot a couple -- everybody that's seen it -- I mean, I saw very strong people, I saw some very strong he-men, very tough guys crying like hell when they read it and saw it. But you have many, many cases like that.
Last year, we increased the average federal sentence for drug trafficking to its highest level since 2013. For the first time in years, we are ensuring there are real, tough consequences for those who flood our streets with deadly poison.
And it is my great honor to be with so many brilliant -- and that's what you are, brilliant, courageous, patriotic and proud Americans. Seeing all of you here today fills me with an extraordinary confidence in America's future, and the great, great future of our country. Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders on your campuses, in your churches and in your communities.
The houses were ripped. People are still missing. Many people died. A lot of people don't know that. You had terrible FEMA response, like nonexistent. Franklin Graham was great, and so many other people were great. [Applause] And I made -- I made a big contribution toward the effort. But I said, "Rather than me doing it.."
He thought it was terrible that we close down to China and Fauci said, and he said very nicely said Trump saved thousands of lives by making that decision, and to be honest, I was like just about the only one that wanted to do it. Joe Biden would terminate our recovery, delay the vaccine, prolong the pandemic and annihilate Georgia's economy and you're doing a great job, and you have a governor that's working hard and he's doing a great job.
Right through. We're going to speak the plain truth and really the truth that you just want to hear. You have to hear. They don't want to hear. But, and by the way, did you see all the corrections the media has been making? They're saying sorry, we made -- they have been doing that all year. They never apologize.
They all said thank you very much, daddy and mommy. And then, they went out and mortgaged the hell out of the place and they ended up losing it to the banks. But we got rid of the estate tax on small farms and businesses and really great things. Little stuff like that we've done that we never said we were going to do, but these people ransacking your communities.
They become rich. They become rich. Second, I'm going to ask Congress to institute its own five year ban on lobbying by former members of Congress and their staffs. They become rich. I mean, these staffs become rich. Third, I'm going to expand the definition of lobbyist so we close all loopholes that former government officials use by labeling themselves consultants and advisers.
It's not looking too good. But we're going to bring it back. Why don't we sit down, tell you about our day? Should I tell you about the day first? My little conversation with a nice gentleman named Vladimir Putin, but we had -- actually we had a good talk. And I think that progress is being made. 5,000 young soldiers are being killed every single week on average, can you believe, 5,000. And it's actually a number probably worse than that, in addition to other people that are being killed in towns and we're trying to stop it. It's a -- it's a bloodbath, it's an absolute bloodbath.
And we're going to change the system, we're going to clean it up. We're going to clean it up. You know, we could save as much as $300 billion if we went out and bid, 300 billion. That gets to be big money, right? That gets to be big money. The numbers of a fraud, waste, abuse in this system are incredible.
So, thank you. So, we will continue the fight. We're going to make America great again. Very simple. When people fight MAGA, they say we're going to fight. I watch Biden, "We're going to fight MAGA. We're going to stop MAGA." It's Make America Great Again. That's all it is, MAGA, Make America Great Again.
Now, tractors use hydraulic, right? You know, they do can anything, lift up, they go. It can rain it can snow, lightning hits the damn thing and nothing happens. The lightning gets hurt, nothing happens. So they have these big elevators that lift the planes up. You know, the sirens go off. Everything's beautiful.
We have a country that's a debtor nation, and we don't have the option. So, I just want to tell you. This is an important evening. This is a great group. I've done five of these today in different forms. Do you think this is fun? Do you think this is fun? I've done -- oh, I've had more meetings today -- I've had great meetings, though.
So, so what happens is last night we have a great evening night. We have a great evening night. We have a great evening in North Carolina, a great - we're gonna in North Carolina, a great, we're gonna in North Carolina a great, we're gonna win. North Carolina, we're doing great day win North Carolina. We're doing great day win North Carolina.
It's so bad. [Booing] Or the Washington Post, which call a lobbying tool for Amazon, OK, that's a lobbying tool for Amazon. Or CNN, which is so bad and so pathetic, and their ratings are going down. [Booing] Right? [Crowd chants CNN Sucks]
We get nothing and they won't even listen to us. And now Iran is taking Iraq. So I said keep the oil we give some to people that really were affect. I mean, you have families that lost sons and daughters they got nothing. They have nothing. So I just say that we're going to run a country properly. We're going to be respected again.
We are going to drain the swamp of government corruption in Washington, D.C. and we are going to keep our promises, all of the promises that we made. [Applause] We are going to massively reduce your taxes. [Applause]We are going to reduce very substantially rising crime and support the incredible men and women of law enforcement. [Applause]
America is winning again. America is being respected again, because we are finally putting America first. So we must work every day until November to elect more Ohio Republicans, so we can continue to make America great again. Has anyone ever heard that slogan?
Well, we went all the time against the United States. Why would they say that? That's why essentially, he was saying. And then I see Joe Biden apologizing to Mexico. I'd like to apologize. He was apologizing for me. Do you believe it? They call him the Republican candidates. But hopefully he was apologizing just for me. I love that.
Way down; its already happened. Support our great police. Protect the second amend. Defend our borders that ensure more products are proudly stamped with that very beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA", like the old days. We go back to the old days sometimes. Made in the USA. People used to be so proud of that.
Very rich. People are saying they're making as much money or more money with people now as they do with drugs. These are rough people and they're bad people, and we could solve this so easily. They've got to fix the loopholes and fix asylum. The tragedy playing out on our border is the predictable result of Democrats' twisted obsession with open borders policy.
You have 47 days to change the world -- at least the world as we know it. You have 47 days to make possible every dream -- and there are many dreamers right now in this room. Who's a dreamer? Who's in for it? [Applause]
This means opening federal lands for oil and gas production; opening offshore areas; and revoking policies that are imposing unnecessary restrictions on innovative new exploration technologies.
No, he's not the same man now. He's not the same. He took a big beating. He took a big beating knocking the hell out of everybody. And he took a big beating. And then he gets the first poll, and he sees in his own state, he was in seventh place out of a group. At the same time, we will fully maintain the VA clinics and the rest of the state and address the severe shortage of nurses and other health care workers at the home for the retired veterans in Tilton.
Other countries like Singapore has no drug problem. No drug. You ask them, they don't even know what you're talking about when they say drug problem. They don't even know what you're talking about. They have no drug problem. And why should they sell their and risk their lives every time they sell, when they can come to the United States and nobody even cares?
He was a giant among men and a true American legend who inspired generations of explorers and dreamers, and we will honor his legacy by continuing to push new frontiers in science, technology, and space. [Applause]
We couldn't fire anybody. They could treat our veterans badly. We had to take it. Now, you get rid of them. And VA Choice, they'd wait online for days and weeks, they couldn't see a doctor. Now, they go out, they have a choice. They get a private doctor. They have things taken care of and we pay their bill.
And our steel industry, as you know very well, is one of the hottest industries right now in the country. It's incredible what's happened in, literally, six months since I started really going to town on it. And aluminum. And aluminum. And by the way, we need a steel industry. We were going to have no steel industry within a couple of years.
We will be bringing back our jobs to Michigan. There will be a very big price to pay for those companies that want to leave our land, go some place else, manufacture their goods and sell them back with no retribution. It won't happen; there will be consequence. [Applause]
We don't win with the economy. We got China ripping us off. We have Japan ripping us off. We have Mexico beating us at the border. Beating us on trade, taking all of our companies. I mean they're taking tremendous numbers of companies. It's unbelievable. I think one of the reasons I won in Indiana is that the air conditioning company Carrier announced they were leaving.
I don't know if somebody said you're just doing OK in the suburbs. I said, "How can I do OK? I save the suburbs, what I've done is saved the suburbs." and you know this, I don't have to go into it, but I save the suburbs. I think the suburbs -- You know that last time, four years ago, "Oh, he's not going to do well with women.
Look at those cameras the way they're all turned like pretzels. Look at those cameras. They're so dishonest. They are so dishonest get them out. Get them out. [Protester shouting] Go home to mommy. Go home. They don't even -- I'm telling you, most of them don't even know why they're here. They're told to be here.
1799 it was built. 1799. Started off with number six -- John Adams, President. And so, it's a long time. It's the White House, and we love it, and it's an honor to have you. But you really did -- you broke the sound barrier. I've never heard that. I've never heard it quite like that, and I appreciate it. We love you. We love you. [Audience member calls "We love you"]
Do you think they would have had -- here's a question. Do you think they would have had $24 million and $23 million? You know Fox was the biggest cable program ever and CNN was the largest in the history of CNN. So if I wasn't involved would they have had those numbers do you think? I don't know, $23 million, $24 million.
When I return to the White House, we will stop the plunder, rape, slaughter and destruction of our American suburbs and cities and towns. We're going to stop it. We will shut down deadly sanctuary cities. I will shift massive portions of federal law enforcement to immigration enforcement. We will close up our border, and we want people to come in, but they have to come in legally.
Not even conservative. We're very conservative, all that stuff, but we're really common sense. Who wants to have an open border where people can come in totally unchecked, unvetted? Who wants to have high interest rates, high taxes? Who wants to have men being able to play in women's sports? Who wants to have that?
They -- they have no idea what it means, by the way. It's net zero. What does that mean? Nobody knows. Ask her what it means. "We're going to go to a net-zero policy." "What does that mean?" "I have no idea." She's attempting to abolish oil, coal, and natural gas, 84 percent of US energy supply. She wants it ended.
I said that's nothing. Look at all the cameras back there, 230 reporters, 230 press. He said how do you do it? I said you know what? There is such -- and this is, I swear this is true. There is such love in the room, it's easy. Does that make sense? It's easy. It's love. No matter where we go and I'm the messenger.
We'll stand. Let's stand.
And many of them were from other countries, including China -- countries all over the world. A hundred and fifty of the people, as he said, were not from Mexico. Now, they caught many, many more, but that's a 150 people coming from companies that -- you know, really, countries that you wouldn't believe. They will not approve the measures we need to keep America safe -- the Democrats.
It's fine. I don't think I'm going to go -- can I still say I'm in the real estate business or something? OK. You know mind, don't you? I want to negotiate like a real estate guy from New York rather than a politician, right?
What a great country. In October of 1775, the Continental Congress ordered the construction of two swift-sailing vessels, each carrying 10 cannons and 80 men, to sail eastward. Our young fleet tested their sea legs against the most powerful navy the world had ever seen. John Paul Jones, America's first great naval hero, said: "I wish to have no connection with any ship that does not sail fast; for I intend to go in harm's way." He got his wish many times when his ship was shot into pieces off the coast of England by a British vessel and her four dozen guns.
It's just the craziest thing. We're -- we're in a different sphere now. We're in a whole different planet right now. The result would be rolling blackouts and a collapse of our power systems, so we'd have a total collapse. You couldn't do it. You couldn't even do it. Think of it, they're forcing you to do something, and they want you to do it. Boats also.
He totally sold Israel out.  But if you look at, if you look at North Korea this guy, this may -- I mean he's like a maniac, OK. And you got to give him credit. How many young guys? He was like 26 or 25 when his father died. He take over these tough generals and all of a sudden you know it's pretty amazing when you think of it, how does he do that even though it is a culture and it's a cultural thing.
Like come and say, "Well, I love, you know, Social Security," but he voted three times against it. He wanted to cut, you know, the -- he's a disciple of Paul RINO. Do you know who Paul RINO is? Paul Ryan, but he's a disciple of that whole group. And when they want to do it early, they may change for an election.
And I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate. And I will keep men out of women's sports, day one. How ridiculous is that? How ridiculous. Men in women's sports. What a ridiculous -- have you seen the records that are being broken? Records that have stood for 18 years are being rather smashed.
A Trump Administration will lead a free world that is properly armed and funded.
I think, we might even be better than that. I said, why are you not using the poll that says 33% to 20%? Why are you using one that says 21% to 20% and this and that. And they have no answer. You can't answer. You know, what the answer is. It's really unfair stuff. It's called welcome to the world of Trump or welcome to the world of being a conservative Republican or welcome to whatever world it is. But here they are, they pay for their own poll and they don't put it up. So it's a little bit unfair but these are minor details, folks.
You know that, right?  [Audience responds "we knew that"]
They can't get into the country. They went to the best colleges, they went to our colleges. They want to be here they want to work. They want to create jobs. We don't let them in. And yet -- and I've had it so many times, I've had so many people begging me, can I help them. They think I know all the senators.
I said, oh, well I'm opposed to be -- let's keep going. But it wasn't my fault. What happened, what happened is the applause was so long and so crazy. It really was. I mean, if you look, the speech was fine but the applause were longer than the speech. So it was amazing. There was great love in that room.
They've been conquered. They're conquering the towns. And, you know, our governors and our mayors and -- you know, a lot of people can't blame them. I can't blame them. They don't want to bring it up. Two reasons. Number one, they are scared. They're very scared. Some of them are very scared. The governor of Colorado is scared.
Pakistan has much to gain from partnering with our effort in Afghanistan. It has much to lose by continuing to harbor criminals and terrorists. In the past, Pakistan has been a valued partner. Our militaries have worked together against common enemies.
Can you believe that? Almost as -- and probably my people, you know, when you go to first place, your people all of a sudden become geniuses, right? Oh, well, we wouldn't give him an interview. They're probably giving him a hard time. Anyway, I never gave him an interview. I should have given him ended -- an interview and I didn't do it. So I didn't give Glenn Beck an interview that he asked for many, many, many times, called me up said his father's in the hospital.
If you want a good building buy a post office. You know it's always there. They were always there first, but we were there first. They say we must and he said we have a great piece of land, the building, we fixed it. It was an empty building and it's beautiful and we used Jerusalem stone, which is a complicated thing.
OK. So, she was in Defund the Police for years. Anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States. [Applause] Can you imagine? That's where she came from. That's where she came from. That's her theory, and that's her way, and that's her policy.
Right, Peter? We will build a missile defense shield all around our country. We're going to be safe. We're going to be -- made in the USA. It's going to be made in North Carolina, partially. We will land an American astronaut on Mars, and we'll call Elon. Let's get going. We want to do that. But we really want to -- and as part of that, we have -- we were in big trouble in space.
They got $4 trillion and most of it's just wasted money. Throw it right out the window. It's going to kill us with inflation. They should have used the debt ceiling to stop it. McConnell should have used it, debt ceiling. I could have stopped that thing in one hour, 15 minutes. I would've said, "You can't have it because we have a debt ceiling.
This case should never have been brought. It should be in the commercial division. The rigged judge would not let it go. He wouldn't allow it to leave his side. He took it, and usually it gets sent in because of its complexity, although it wasn't complex because it turned out to be very simple. The statement is phenomenal.
Immigration is so important. When you look at ISIS, I don't know if you've heard, just before I got here, there was a big attack in Europe where they have many ISIS people in different countries. Attacking in Germany, I just started two seconds ago, I was actually on a show and they interrupted me for this attack, and I said, wow, that's bad.
How are we doing? I used to drive them crazy. They probably said, "Oh, no, it's the president again." Yes, yes, we're fighting our best. Yes." I used to call -- I used to drive them nuts. When I had nothing to do, I said, "Call the Border Patrol." And we got -- just drop that chart, please, my all-time favorite chart. [Applause]
That's what we're going to have. With your help from now until Election Day, we will redeem America's promise. We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we all so love. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up.
This man is one of the great professionals, ran an incredibly successful drug company. Who knows better than the guy running the drug company, Eli Lilly? That's your company, right? Or was.
I watched some of these shows and they say, well, he's not popular. I said, I think I'm really popular. I have a 92% rating in the Republican Party. If I endorse somebody, it almost guarantees they're going to win. And I got to listen to these fake news people say they usually tie me in with Biden. They usually say these are two unpopular people.
But I said, my favorite word in the English dictionary is the word tariff and people thought that was strange. And the fake news came over and they really hit me hard on it. They said, what about love? What about religion? What about God? What about wife, family? I got killed when I said tariff is my favorite word, so I changed.
You saw it a month ago with the two sitting in a car and it's, uh -- I mean that's just a horrible thing. The anti-police rhetoric of Joe Biden in the Democrat party is really what causes a lot of this, too, but it puts police officers in harm's way. It really puts them in harm's way and we can't let that happen.
They are ripping him off. He's got a couple of people right at the top; they are ripping him off. They are laughing all the way to the bank. "Keep running, Mike. Mike, keep running. You're going to do it, Mike. Give us another three, four hundred million. I guarantee you the presidency, Mike." Now he's looking, "I promise you 500 million and I'm down at 10 percent.
And historically, that doesn't do that well. If you look at old races when somebody's getting votes, because they don't like somebody, you know, there's an ideology that -- let's face it, doesn't like me too much. Somebody said, "We don't like his personality." I said, "I always thought I had a good personality." They don't like my personality, who the hell cares about my personal.
President's for years, many, many decades have been saying they were going to do it. They never did it. And I understand why, it's not easy to do but we got it done. In fact, we just opened up the embassy if you can believe that. It's probably about 20 years ahead of schedule. Together we've made unbelievable progress and we are just getting started.
It's too far gone. We're really -- you know, we are a failing nation. We are a nation in decline, but don't worry. We will not be a nation in decline for too much longer, I'll tell you. We'll be a nation of incline as opposed to decline, but I'm asking you to dream big again. You're going to have to dream big again.
Yeah.
They fly thousands and thousands of migrants into our beautiful farmlands and into our communities that have no idea what's happening right now. But they're starting to find out, and they are devastated. And I will ban all welfare and federal benefits for illegals. And they won't come if you do that.
And we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you to Turning Point. Thank you.
She gave up her business, she said, dad, I'm going to come down to Washington and help you, and I love you daddy and we're going to help people and I don't care and she had a -- she was very successful in every way and it's my daughter, Ivanka. I just want to thank this group of people and you know a man that helped.
And last year, this is -- I'm so proud of this, because we have no help from the Democrats. Last year, for the first time in over 50 years, drug prices went down. And that was for a reason, to give former prisoners a second chance at life. We passed groundbreaking criminal justice reform. It's a big thing.
Now we can keep things going and we're now - we can keep things going and we're now - we can keep things going and we're going to keep things going very nicely going to keep things going very nicely, going to keep things going very nicely. But we are 21, soon, 21 trillion dollars, but we are 21 soon, 21 trillion dollars, but we are 21 soon, 21 trillion dollars.
I didn't have a bill. My father used to tell me that when he'd hire somebody, when they say, an executive, "Sir, could I have a letter of authorization? Could I have a letter saying that I've been -- " He said all of those guys that wanted letters were always weak and ineffective. It was the ones that went in and said, "I'm the boss, now you're going to listen to me," those were the ones that did the job, you know.
It was interesting. Doug Burgum, I think, might be here someplace. Doug? I've got Doug. And I said to the Japanese trade representatives, and these were the top people. We concluded the one deal, Doug, and now we're going to conclude another one because they're forming a joint venture with us in Alaska, as you know, for the LNG. So, I said we'll all do that together with Chris.
And today, I'm calling on the Alabama legislature to act quickly to find an immediate solution to preserve the availability of IVF in Alabama, and I'm sure they're going to do that. The Republican Party should always be on the side of the miracle of life and the side of mothers and fathers and beautiful little babies.
I'm announcing today that upon taking office, we will have an Operation Aurora at the federal level to expedite the removals of these savage gangs, and I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Think of that, 1798. This was put there 1798. That's a long time ago, right? To target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
You're smarter than they are, you have more money than they are, you have better jobs than they do, you'rethe elite. So let them have the word elite. You're the super elite.That's what it is. I always hate -- I always hate when they say, well the elite decided not to go to something I'm doing, right, the elite. I said, "Well, I have a lot more money than they do. I have a much better education than they have.I'm smarter than they are. I have many much more beautiful homes than they do. I have a better apartment at the top of Fifth Avenue. Why the hell are they the elite? Tell me.
This Independence Day, let's also give a very special thanks to every veteran and military service member here tonight, for their outstanding devotion to our country. And I also want to thank and thank you, fellas, stand up. Now Look at 'em. They're in good shape. Thank you very much. Wow. That's a lot of of veterans.
I said, yeah, but. And I was president elect. I said, why don't you let the president do it? He won't take their call. Oh that's nice. That was President Obama. Has anyone ever heard of him? He won't take that call. They call me up. They said, would you do that? I said, well, why is it Obama? He's the president.
Oh, I love that question. OK. A lot of things, ready? Number one I'd sign an executive order ending Obama's executive order where people can come into the country automatically, OK? I will immediate -- because I have many things. I'll immediately help our vets. We're going to start signing legislation. It's going to go quickly and we are going to help our vets.
They gave up everything. They did. They did give up the Constitution. Joe Biden, his inflation has cost the average New York household, a staggering $24,000. Think of that. Because the costs have gone up so much. Bacon has, I don't eat bacon anymore. It's too expensive. It's true. It's gone up like four times.
And disadvantage children will be allow to attend the school of their choice, choice, big word, choice. Very important word. The catastrophe known as Obamacare will be repealed and replaced. [Applause]
As I recently observed in South Korea, the people of that Republic took a poor country ravaged by war, and in just a few decades turned it into one of the wealthiest democracies on Earth. Today, South Koreans enjoy higher incomes than the citizens of many European Union countries. It was great spending time with President Moon.
The cartel leaders, the leaders of the cartels who are among the richest people, I believe, in the world. And they deal also in women. They track women through the borders and into our country. That's turned out to be a big business, to a lesser extent children, not too many men, not too many. They don't want the men.
They're so beautiful. All of the fake news up there, you know, you think you have the best seat. [Audience boos] See, you think you have the best seat. Actually, they do. Because what happens is Hollywood is watching, and every once in a while, they see a face, they see this beautiful face. And they don't see your face, they only see the back of your head.
We grieve for every life lost, and we pledge in their memory to wipe out this horrible pandemic once and for all.
But you guys don't know what the hell it is. That's a good one. People think of New York, but it actually affects you very much, too. I think I'll keep it off of Pennsylvania. You don't care. You didn't like that one so much, but it's actually pretty good. It's no wonder that Kamala Harris was just officially endorsed by IRS agents.
And we've seen companies coming in like we've never seen before, likewise to all of the foreign presidents, prime ministers, kings, queens, ambassadors and everyone else who will soon be calling to ask for exemptions from these tariffs. I say terminate your own tariffs, drop your barriers, don't manipulate your currencies.
He's actually thinking about -- can you -- no, we did that and we saved millions of lives. That's it. We're doing good now. And by the way, your governor has doing a good job. Florida is down low now in the China virus. It's a China virus. Some people call it "coronavirus." That sounds like a beautiful place in Italy, right?
We're going to have more people voting, I think, than anybody can even imagine. And if that happens, if we swamp them, if we swamp them -- you know, first, you want to drain the swamp, but for purposes of voting, you want to swamp them, and we're going to swamp them. And they won't be able to cheat.
Nothing. You're wonderful. And he wouldn't have done that. But he couldn't run because I wouldn't give him the endorsement. He wanted to run so badly. Pretty young guy. But these are the people that you have to fight. And these are in some cases, they're the RINOs that you have to fight. At least you know where the Democrats are coming from, the Liz Cheney's of the world and Pat Toomey's and others.
We're going back to sanity in this country. We're going back to strengthen this country. We're going back to intelligence and we're going back to common sense. We are going to Make America Great Again, greater than ever before. I love you. I love you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
This is what happens when we build up other countries instead of our own, we lose control. It's time to take care of our people and our workers. [Applause]
But they -- in Lancaster, they found 2,600 ballots all done by the same hand. [Audience member calls out "That's trash"] In other words [Audience boos] the same exact penmanship, the same hand, the same everything. It was all done by the same pen, the exact same pen. And then they go and they say, "Well, this is -- he's a conspiracy theorist."
Doesn't spread widely at all in the United States because of the early actions that myself and my administration took against a lot of other wishes." And the Democrats single point -- talking point and you say it's -- is that it's Donald Trump's fault, right. It's Donald Trump's fault. No, just things that happened.
And one of the things we're doing that's so important -- and Mitch has worked so hard on, and Don, and everybody -- is the justices, the judges all over the country. We're filling up the courts with really talented people who understand and read the Constitution for what it says. [Applause]
In order to insure anyone who mistreats our veterans, they have to be accountable meaning, you're fired. Or worse. You're fired. We got it done. Many decades they've been trying to get it done. And you know, for those who think, oh that should be easy. Well you've got to fight the unions and you're got to fight civil service.
And I'm running for your state. I love this state. You know I put a lot of money in this state and it's been a great investment and we want to keep this state strong. Not for that reason, by the way, for other reasons, because this is a great place. You have a governor right now is a political hack. We want to put violent criminals behind bars and tell your governor to open up your state, by the way.
Been here for seven hours that girl. [Applause]
Thanks to your partnership, last year, our brave ICE agents seized 1 million pounds of narcotics, including almost 7,000 pounds of heroin and more than 2,300 pounds of fentanyl -- saving thousands upon thousands of American lives. And this year, we're way ahead of those numbers.
Where's the wind? You know the other problem? We can't get the windmills. You know why? They're made in China. China says, "Don't worry about America. We'll give them." But wind doesn't work anywhere. It's too expensive. It doesn't work. Kills all your birds. If you'd like to see a nice bird cemetery, walk under a windmill sometime.
And I would like to ask Secretary Azar just to come up and mention opioid, but also talk about how we're getting your drug prices down. And we've already saved billions of dollars for our country, and it's reflected in much lower drug prices. Watch what's going to happen over a short period of time.
They said the wall is obsolete. I said the wall's not obsolete and a wheel is not obsolete. Everything else is obsolete. My opponent's insane immigration plan would eliminate U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch and release, and I actually heard he said, "We wanna take down the wall," down, do you believe this? [Audience boos] Take down the wall. [Audience boos] We will never let that happen.
That means he's a smart cookie. And he is a smart -- and he's a tough one. General Mark Milley. Thank you, General. He's an academic. I can't believe it. He's a great gentleman. Commander of the Resolute Support and U.S. Forces Afghanistan, General Scotty Miller. He's done an incredible job. Thank you, Scotty.
Should I tell you? Should I tell you? [Audience Calls "Yes"] Oh, you're Boy Scouts, but you know life. You know life. So -- look at you. Who would think this is the Boy Scouts, right? So he had a very, very interesting life, and the company that bought his company was a big conglomerate. And they didn't know anything about building homes, and they didn't know anything about picking up the nails and the sawdust and selling it -- and the scraps of wood.
What do you like better? It Crooked Joe or Sleepy Joe? Depends. When he is sleeping on the beach, I like Sleepy Joe. When he is in the White House, I like Crooked Joe because he's the most crooked president we've ever had. But right now, I think sleepy because they took the presidency away from him. They had a coup.
After years of Washington betrayals of South South Carolina workers, I ended the disaster known as NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made, not even believable, and replaced it with the USMCA, the best trade deal ever made for our country. Although, I would say the deal we made with China might even be better.
They would use sticks and stones. They wouldn't allow millions of people that they don't know anything about to enter their country and to take over their country. It's an invasion. Biden, Pelosi, and the radical Democrats spend all of their time obsessing over the borders of distant foreign nations. Americans deserve a Congress and a president who will protect the borders of our country, of our country.
You burn an American flag, you spend one year in jail." Do it. [Audience chants "USA"] See, that's where the politicians are weak. [Inaudible] the politicians could do this. That's where they're weak, the politicians. And you know, I think it lost five to four in the Supreme Court. Now we have a different Supreme Court.
She's doing interviews on these stupid shows, and she's got to get there because they really have problems. But he said, "Well, I'll tell you." And we talked for about a second, and then I get a message from the people in North Carolina. "We want to thank you that Starlink will be coming soon." I said, "Elon, how did you do that? We're talking. You agreed to do it. And now, I get a call before we hang up that they expect it to be delivered."
So our heroes are not a source of shame. They are an example and something that you can all look up to -- a true example of greatness, a point of pride. And we will honor them and cherish them forever. We will cherish them.
We've never had a situation like this. The choice this November is very simple. If you want to keep America in a death spiral of crime -- look at what's happening on crime with these Democrat-run cities. Chaos, craziness, corruption, and historic national catastrophes. You must absolutely go out and vote for the radical Democrats.
Can you imagine what happened? Can you imagine? Just be very careful, be vigilant and watch, and report whatever you see, because you know this state we love it. Went to school here, right? Went to college. We love it. But, strange things have been known to happen, especially in Philadelphia. So, send them a message that they'll never forget.
And here's what's going to happen. For the most part they're not going to move, OK. I think very few are going to move, because you've taken the whole point out. But they're not going to move.
The world is blowing up. They asked the great Viktor Orban of Hungary, one of the toughest, smartest leaders in the world. Very respected, very tough guy. Very tough guy. He doesn't play games. They say, what could we do [Audio gap] He says, make sure Trump becomes president because when he was [Audio gap] I wouldn't say it. He said when he was president, China feared him.
Thank you very much, Kamala. She endorsed free taxpayer-funded government health care for all illegal aliens. Everybody that walks into our country that's illegal. This is why they come. When these stupid people, they're stupid, low-IQ people, when they say, "We're going to give you health care. We're going to give you everything," they come.
And that, by the way, is a good thing. It's good for us too. By the way, the more people that come, the better. But it's a great thing. Because you know, historically, our country has done very, very poorly in voter turnout. A lot of people don't vote. Now the Republicans have increased almost 70% from what it was four years ago when Mitt Romney choked and he lost a leg.
We have a lot of people. We have a lot of people that are looking to destroy Israel. Look, the bottom line, we got to get peace over in the Middle East. The Middle East is blowing up because -- and largely because our country doesn't know what's happening. They have no idea what's happening. We are going to take care of it. We did the Abraham Accords.
They don't want to talk about it. But I'm doing that for the vets. And we made changes because we want them taken care of. We want them to have choice so that they can run to a private doctor and take care of it. And it's going to get done.
... are they stupid? The question is, are they stupid or do they have a plan? I actually think for the most part they have a plan, but some are not too smart.
Don't even think about it. I watched the media as they say, well, he just had some fun during the campaign on the wall. That wasn't fun, folks. We're building that wall, and walls do work and we're going to have great people come into our country, but we're not gonna to put ourselves through the problems that we've had for so many years. [Applause]
And just so you understand, I'm a free trader, but free trade has been very unfair trade. So I now say I'm a fair trader. And I want to trade all over the world. I don't want to have it just here, but we are going to be beneficiaries from now on. We're not going to be the people that are taken advantage of any longer. That's been happening for decades and decades. Not going to happen any longer, and they know it. [Applause]
We want to be very careful. Detroit, if you want to end this disaster, you must get out and vote. You have to get out and vote right now. And with that, I'd like to acknowledge some of our great friends. And he just spoke, so I don't want to have to waste his time. But he did just speak, and he's great.
They'd become terminally ill. A lot of things. You could take a pill or you could have a tiny procedure and you'd be okay, but with time it gets worse and worse and people would become terminally ill, they'd die. I said, "From now on, what we're going to do is if you don't get a doctor within 24 hours." The veterans know because we got a 92% approval rating.
What he did with the $417 million, how it went to mostly democrat areas and I can't believe it's legal there. I just can't believe it. But when you watch this one that's coming out now, and I'm not necessarily talking about the movie or the documentary, but that covers it to an extent. But they have much more even that that.
They don't even do that. The only time they show the crowds is when there's a disrupter or an anarchist in the room. I call them anarchists.
And thank you very much. I didn't know you were here, Joe, actually. And I'm glad you were. If Joe Biden truly wanted to sign an executive order to stop the invasion, he only needs a single -- think of it, a single sentence. And it would say, "I hereby immediately reinstate every single border policy of a gentleman named Donald J. Trump, who was president of the United States." Less than four years ago, I handed Joe Biden the strongest, most secure border in U.S. history.
Under Biden, fentanyl, heroin, meth, and other lethal drugs are pouring across our wide open border, tearing families and communities apart. Drug overdose deaths are up 13% in South Carolina last year, and the reason is the drugs are just pouring in at levels. Ten times what they were two and a half years ago.
And I used it over and over again. And frankly, you know, we went way up. And now we've produced. Because now African-American unemployment is at the best number in the history of our country. Best number meaning it's at it's at the lowest in the history of our country.
She's not. They always -- one thing about a politician, I guess including me, you always go back to your original thought. Now, my original thoughts were very good. You like my original thought? I'm the only one out there that probably got worse. It's true. My original thought, you always go back to them.
She's broken the laws of our land. She's made us totally vulnerable from a national security standpoint. She was Secretary of State. What she did with her server is illegal. It's wrong. Both on a commonsense basis and on a legal basis. It's wrong. It's wrong. And it looks to me like nothing's going to happen to her because it's a rigged system, folks.
We have removed thousands and thousands of MS-13 and brought them the hell out of our country back to [Inaudible]. Thousands. And working for ICE, these I -- You know, ICE is, uh, they're heroes. They really are, and they're tough as hell, but they love our country. And I mean, I see some of my friends up here, they're tough too.
But wouldn't it be wonderful if let's see, this guy, right here in front of me, he's a tough guy. This guy with the hat with a lousy head of hair but he's a strong looking guy right here. This guy right there, see. And that -- wouldn't it be nice if they had a gun on their waist. Somebody? Him him him.
And then you don't have the Democrats fighting for Israel, and they end up passing things that have nothing to do with what the original problem was. You saw that. So I don't know what they're going to do. I don't know. They have a big problem, because they have others than these four. I could name another 20 right now without looking at a note.
Nothing wrong. But he's exhausted, he's exhausted. But you know the reason they bring him out and other people -- they're bringing out all these other people. You know, nobody goes to their rallies, nobody goes there. So, you know what they do? They bring in so-called stars, stars that I've never even heard of.
And that's also for their own good. In addition, I am proud to have laid out by far the most aggressive, most visionary plan to liberate our children from the Marxist lunatics and perverts who have infested our educational system, they are perverts. On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school, pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity, and other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content on our children.
If we do that, anything is possible. I'm asking America to join me in dreaming big and bold and dream for wonderful things in our future. Let's close the history books on the failures in Washington and let's open a new chapter of success and prosperity for all of our people.
We've brought together veterans and union members, soldiers and steelworkers, farmers and autoworkers and patriotic moms and dads of every race, religion, color, and creed. Right? We're welcoming historic numbers of African Americans and Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans and Arab Americans. And we're uniting Christians and Jews and Catholics and evangelicals and Muslims and Mormons and everyone who simply wants one thing.
A chip will be obsolete in 12 seconds after they've develop it. A computer, a new laptop, like for instance, the laptop from hell. You know, his laptop. We call it, the laptop from hell. Joe Biden has vowed to open borders, he wants to open your borders, doesn't want to have borders. You don't have a country if you don't have borders.
They had thugs, in many cases, throwing them out of the room. And these were good people, and they'd say, "I'm a poll watcher." "Get out of here. Get the hell out of here." I mean, they intimidated these people, and it was just such a horrible, corrupt election. We have to have courage. And if we don't have courage, you're not going to have a country.
We have to protect our Second Amendment, which is under siege. [Applause]  Remember that. Remember that. It's under siege. [Applause]  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We have to -- you know, I see -- and by the way, we have a lot of unity in the Republican Party, but nobody talks about it.
Okay? Think so, pretty good in Florida, right? Every time the governor comes, I'll tell you, if something happens -- if it rains, like, a little rain, "Sir, could I a see you?" I say "Talk over the phone," "No, no, I have to come up." "It's the panhandle, lower it someplace." "Sir, could we have 250 million?" "Why?" "It rained." Now when there's a hurricane, then they're talking about the big stuff, right?
Hundreds of thousands of people a year, coming from all over the world, by the way, it is over. Not going to happen. We are going to hire Americans first. We're going to take care of our workers.
They were sending us their prisoners. They were sending us a lot of bad people. I said, "How much money do we give to El Salvador? How much money do we give to these countries? How much money are we giving to various -- including Mexico?" And I have a lot of respect for the president of Mexico. Yes, he may be a socialist, but I like him.
Well, the woman in Georgia that took the massive number of ballots from under the dress of the table, right? And now government is apologizing to her. Oh, how could she have been so horribly treated? It's very interesting. That one's a very interesting one because remember they said there was a water main break, a water main break. "Everybody out." They don't talk about the real facts. "Everybody out.
At the same time, DEA should reduce the amount of Schedule II opioids (drugs like oxycodone, methadone and fentanyl) that can be made and sold in the U.S. We have 5 percent of the world's population, but use 80 percent of the prescription opioids.
They've been fighting for years to try and take each other over. Well, we decapitate the one country. They're now taking over, and people don't realize Iraq has the second largest oil reserves in the world. So we took it, and we just hand it to them on a silver platter. How could we have been so stupid?
Thank you very much. Thank you.
In addition, he is the recipient of a Silver Star, three Bronze Stars and a Purple Heart. I'm proud to have him on my team. Such a great honor for me.
Because to be honest in this group, I wasn't so sure I should be talking about walls. Does that make sense? See tomorrow. Tomorrow in Jacksonville, I can talk about walls believe me. But in this one, I was a little hesitant to talk about it. Thank you. Thank you. By the way, I say this all the time and people bear it out.
We get one, they get five. He's a traitor, they're the best they have and they're now out on the fields or will soon be killing people again. I don't get it. I don't get it. I say, where do these people come from? Where do they come from? And we knew that he was a traitor when we made the deal, because they had a general and a colonel go and interview Bill, all the people that knew him, you know, from his platoon.
And with the spirit and energy and commitment of everyone in this room and the voters all across this state, 2022 is going to be a banner year for North Carolina Republicans. You know, they said this state was if you look back 10 years ago, Michael, they said this state was finished. It was not going to be a Republican state at all.
You know what. There was not one question relating to that and not too much on the military, by the way. But nothing relating to the veterans. Those days, believe me, are over. OK. Yes, ma'am. Go ahead. Go ahead. Hi. Unidentified
But I already started the process, would have had it completed very quickly. And we wanted to end birthright citizenship. I heard a couple of your speakers in the plane where you touch a piece of our land, and congratulations, you become a citizen. By the way, there's no country in the world that does this stupid stuff.
Every single citizen in our land has a right to live in safety. To be one united nations, we must protect all of our people. All of our people. [Applause]
And everybody else was saying that's amazing how talented he is. He had a different kind of a talent. And we should have vocational schools. You learn mechanical, you learn bricklaying and carpentry, and all of these things. We don't have that very much anymore.
They saw everything, looking up for the cameras, the way they came in. They have it perfectly on tape. And she looks at it, she goes, "Oh, that was debunked." It wasn't debunked. How did they debunk it, Mike? They didn't debunk it. There was no debunking. It was debunked. What's debunked? They have it on camera.
He's -- I call him lightweight. He's a lightweight. But got the worst record of the history of Florida, so I don't know. I should do well there. Let's hope I do well there. I love Florida. But I was I was going to Detroit. And I said to my people, I have to stop in Maine. I felt so -- I just had to stop in Maine.
Money is the root of all evil, right? But they had a fundraiser and his guy said some nasty things about me, like really, really nasty. And I said, thank you so much. And I was reading a magazine and I was reading what was going on Wisconsin, in Wisconsin. And Wisconsin is a much different place. You know, you're losing a lot of jobs, you're not going up, you're going sideways.
Number one very important, they're not going to move, and if they do move, we're going to make a fortune OK. So it's OK. In fact sometimes you say please move, please move, we'd like you to -- we'd like you send plenty of product in here. When China devalues it's currency, they're making it impossible for our companies to compete.
Let's think of it, all women are female, and I have to make that statement. It shouldn't be necessary, should it? There's another statement we say, we will not allow the mutilation of our children. Can you imagine? No, but can you imagine making that statement 10, 15 years ago? People would say, "Of course, you're not going to do that," but now you have to stop it. It's crazy what's going on. But it's just one of those things.
We're getting them out fast because of ICE and other law enforcement. ICE, they come. And other law enforcement. And the Democrats even oppose legislation to increase the penalty for criminals and drug dealers who repeatedly break into our country and hurt and seriously injure and even worse our people. We're not allowing it anymore.
You can check them. Now here's one that's a biggie, UPI just came out like a little while ago. Virginia, I love the Virginia. Tremendous properties in Virginia, a lot of employees.
They're a disgrace. That's a Third World country stuff that they're doing. This only takes place in Third World countries. It's never taken place anywhere near -- There's never been anything like this. And they'll go after others too. And I tell the Republicans, the Republicans are nicer people. That's all.
He didn't do that. And they put out a warrant. I mean what -- what do we -- what kind of a country are we in to destroy somebody? And what kind of a country are we in, when they go to Kasich, what would you do? I would fire him. They go to Ted Cruz, I would fire him. Folks, as your President -- you need somebody that's gonna be loyal to the country and to yourselves.
But they should be using the money on the students -- for tuition, for student life, and for student housing. On top of that, the federal government spends over $70 billion in higher education every year, plus another $130 billion on federal loans. Here again, the universities don't use the money to reduce the price of college -- but to increase it.
Every price has gone down. What am I going to do? I mean think of it. Gasoline was almost $4 not so long ago. And now, Mike, we just hit $1.98 in a lot of states. Think of it. And they're saying -- and you know what, and inflation is basically down and interest rates came down despite the fact that I have a fed person who's not really doing a good job.
So, she actually went out that night and she celebrated. That was a great night, great day for her when we took that name off. Under President Trump, real family income increased over $6,000 a year. In New Hampshire alone, 6,000. You picked up 7,000, as opposed to losing much more, close to 8,000. That's a big difference.
Here's a clip. Does anyone want to see a little clip on a nice, expensive one? Here it is. [Commercial break] [Audience chants "Trump"]
And by the way, tell our senators end Section 230. End Section 230, put it in. We put it in, I want it in the defense bill, put it in because it's a national security problem. It's a big national security, so hopefully mention, the senators will put it in. But it's the one chance we have to bring big tech who are vicious and violent and untruthful to bring big tech.
That they felt. Oh wow, we can get away with this, and it's going to make it impossible. Did you see the results the other day of Caterpillar Tractor? Horrible because they're not getting stuff out. Because everybody, Japan and China, in particular, is devaluing their currency. That's the number one weapon and this stupid trade deal that we're making doesn't even cover it. That's their number one weapon and the trade deal that we're making doesn't cover.
I've doubt, you know, the people I deal with a much tougher than the politicians. But nobody lives like a politician. Nobody, nobody. So anyway, what we've got to do is we've got to get out today. We've got a caucus. I'm going to go with you. We're going to caucus. And after making this huge U-turn to Kansas.
This was six months ago. Now, I say 10, and I think I could make it probably 20. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as crooked Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done. It's true. You take the 10 worst presidents in the history of our country, the 10 worst, they will not have done the damage that this guy has done to our country.
Anybody comes in, you come in, you become a citizen. He supports sanctuary cities, which means sanctuary for criminals and protection for them, from the law. Mark Kelly is also culpable for the runaway inflation that's crushing Arizona families. He voted in favor of all of Joe Biden and Nancy Pelosi's lunatic, socialist spending bills, and he voted to support Biden's war an American energy.
And hopefully, someday, they'll come into the fold. But right now, they're not in the fold. And they were in the fold. I'll tell you, they were in the fold. And during my term, just prior to COVID coming in -- and it was even successful. You know, I handed them over, the stock market was more successful. It was higher than it was just prior to COVID coming in. Nobody can believe it, the job we did.
I won last night on the town hall. He said, we won the state of Utah in a tremendous victory. He didn't say that the same night I won the state of Arizona and got many, many more delegates, right? He didn't say it. He said, I'm the only one. So I think I have 21 or 22 states and he has, what, seven? But he'll say, I'm the only one.
You know, I -- I started this whole journey on June 16th and from practically the time I began till now we've been a No. 1 position. Can you believe that? Amazing. And a couple of days ago CNN came out with the latest poll where we're 49 for Trump. Rubio is 16 but after last night's -- [Audience Boos] Little Marco, little Marco.
And that is exactly what we did, and that is exactly what happened. Since my election, America has gained over 7 million jobs -- a number unthinkable. I wouldn't say it, I wouldn't talk about it, but that was a number that I had in mind. The projection was 2 million; we did 7 -- more than three times the government's own projections.
So, you know what that means. That means they were obviously illegal in the 2020 election. Hundreds and hundreds of thousands of votes, and we were right there. We won this thing by a lot. We won the state by a lot. Just as I've said all along, the use of these unmanned, unsecured drop boxes was never authorized by the state legislature.
Great job. Great. Thank you, Courtney, very much. My administration is very pro-worker, to put it mildly. Pro-American policies have reduced unemployment to its lowest level in more than 50 years, and we've created over 7 million new jobs, including over 100,000 brand-new jobs in Michigan. African American unemployment, Asian American unemployment, Hispanic American unemployment, is the lowest it's ever been in the history of our country.
Air force was the last one. Now it's Space Force. Remember the first day they laughed at it? Oh, Space Force. They thought they were going to end it, and the public went crazy because you people know much more than they do. They surrendered our strength and our everything, our dignity and turned Afghanistan into the greatest humiliation our country has ever seen, not the fact that we were leaving, because I was the one that got us down to a small number of soldiers, but we were going to leave with strength and with dignity, and we were going to keep Bagram, not for Afghanistan, but because China's nuclear plants are one hour away where they make their nuclear weapons, one hour away.
You win a war, you win a war. You keep the nation. You keep the land. You keep the oil, you keep it. It's all here. In the old days, when we won a war, we won a war. To the victor belong the spoils. Now, we go in and fight wars. Hand over the keys after we're finished. Years and years, trillions of dollars.
Our proud American ancestors crossed oceans, scaled mountains, defeated empires and built the modern world with their own two hands. They were brilliant. This state, the State of Montana was forged by incredible pioneer men and women who braved the call and tamed the wilderness to build a beautiful life, right out here in the open. And I did look at those skies, you know, I heard so much about ...
We have to bury the hatred and the lies and the avalanche, and we have to do it in an avalanche of votes. And every time you see a smear, every time you hear them attack, take the motivation to go out and vote, vote, vote. You just go and vote. And get your friends and tell your girlfriend -- she's got a husband.
How do I beat him? How do I beat this guy? He's such a great -- Clinton, she was easy, right? Obama was easy. The Bush dynasty was easy, but sleepy Joe I'm worried about, right? So then, I said to myself, gee, I guess, there's only one way. Let's call up Ukraine for help. These people are sick. These people are sick.
They closed more than 50 power plants, all causing energy prices to skyrocket. You saw that happen. That's what caused the inflation. It's pretty easy. These policies were so destructive that despite draining nearly 40 percent of U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve meant for emergencies -- it was meant for emergencies.
You look at all the numbers, we're going to go over them. Do you want to fund and defame and dismantle the police? I don't think so. Do you want to support the incredible heroes of law enforcement? Yes, right? Do you want your friends and family to be persecuted by the far left wing? It's called cancel culture, right?
I mean, think of it. You vote two months early. Nobody knows what the hell's going on. Where are all the ballots that happened? Why are they using a shovel? They're shoveling off -- you ever see what goes on? Take a look at what happened in Georgia. They're shoveling ballots into wheelbarrows, moving them around.
Few would have imagined just a generation ago that leaders of these nations would come together here in Da Nang to deepen our friendships, expand our partnerships, and celebrate the amazing achievements of our people.
Elon's a very nice guy. He doesn't want to say it, but they play a lot of tricks. We can't let it happen. We can't let it happen again. We can't let it happen. And one thing -- they showed us how bad they are. They showed us how bad a job they do. So, that's one thing we got from these four years. They've done the worst job.
So we have these people, thousands, all over our streets and our cities. It was just reported that a man deported from our country 10 times in six years has been charged with raping a 12-year-old girl.
I'll just show you a couple. But he went for a whole year, "We will ban fracking. Ban fracking." Then he got lucky, Elizabeth Warren decided that she wanted to hurt her, you know, her person where the philosophies are the same, so she stated -- Think of it, Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren -- she would've, she -- All she had to do is get out before Super Tuesday and Joe would not have won any state, right?
Thank you. Over the past six weeks, I have signed nearly 100 executive orders and taken more than 400 executive actions, a record to restore common sense, safety, optimism and wealth all across our wonderful land. The people elected me to do the job and I'm doing it. [Applause] In fact, it has been stated by many that the first month of our presidency, it's our presidency, is the most successful in the history of our nation by many. [Applause] And what makes it even more impressive is that, do you know who number two is, George Washington.
Then he gets the nomination. Now they're all angry. You know that Crazy, Bernie, all of the left Democrats, they don't want to vote for him anymore because he made promises and now all of a sudden he forgot that he said no fracking. He said, "Well, now we can do some fracking." But you know, remember this: in politics, it's always the thing that they say first, that's what they get to do, no guns, no religion, no energy, no oil.
And we just allow them to roam in and roam out, everybody's out there. You have cameras, these same cameras are out there shooting these people walking out with television sets. Then you announce these big department stores and drug chains are leaving the city. You look at what's gone on with New York and San Francisco and Chicago and Los Angeles, and they have one thing in common; they're run by liberal Democrats that they don't want to do anything.
Millions and millions of votes. Now, the Republican Party, they view me as you know a guy. They don't want me because I don't want money. I don't want their money. I don't want the lobbyist money. I don't want -- all these people, they're going to be saying, like, you know, we can't get to Trump because it's a crooked system.
They're great guys. They're warriors. For the past nine years, we've been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth. That's right. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you, you, you. This nation belongs to you.
Thank you. It's first time in my life and my business career I ever did this. I said David, it's too cheap. It doesn't sound good. Normally I'd say, let's make it 250\. I said David make it like 500 thousand and use Jerusalem stone. I have a friend Ron Barron, smart guy. He's so proud he's got Jerusalem stone in his lobby of his office building and I said, can you get Jerusalem stone?
If we don't get tough, and we don't get smart -- and fast -- we're not going to have a country anymore -- there will be nothing left.
I'll tell you, and it turned out, as I got familiar with everything it turned out, you were absolutely right. In his place, I appointed a visionary chairman who wants America to build the future and not block the future. He's going to be unbelievable. He'll go down as one of the greats and Paul Atkins, where are you, Paul Atkins?
Again, the politicians talk about it. They do nothing about it. Benghazi, Benghazi, Benghazi, everything is Benghazi. What happens? Nothing. IRS, e-mails, I get sued all the time. OK? I run a big business. You know, I've always said, it's very, very hard for a person that's very successful -- I've done so many deals, almost all of them have been tremendously successful.
Had a little pause today, people wanted to take some profits, and probably somebody said something stupid along the way but the stock market's at record levels. Think of it. You be hopefully rounding the turn on the pandemic; we are rounding that turn, and vaccines are coming along great. You know that the job that they have done the doctors everybody else we are years ahead of schedule.
They make good product. They make good product. So they're gonna move to Mexico. They're gonna build a plant. They're gonna sell it to the United States. They'll go through our Swiss cheese border. They're gonna -- but not if I'm president. It's not gonna be Swiss cheese anymore. Oh, that's gonna be a border.
And we'll be working with them because they know everyone. They know who they are, when they came. They know everything about them. They're just not allowed to do anything about it because if they do, they're going to lose their job, their house, their family. They're going to lose everything. Nikki Haley will never secure the border or stop the fentanyl that is killing thousands of New Hampshire citizens.
Harry Truman would not have done Hiroshima, Nagasaki, probably ended the war, probably. I think so. But he wouldn't have done it. So many things wouldn't be done. But think of it, Barack Obama shot missiles during his term, shot missiles into an area that killed a lot of people. They missed. Does that mean you indict him when he gets out of office?
I'm going to get one of those little kits and in the middle of the debate when she proclaims that she's of Indian heritage because her mother says she has high cheekbones. That's her only evidence, that her mother said she had high cheekbones. We will take that little kit and say, but we have to do it gently.
Because they think that hurts the economy and that'll hurt me, but our numbers are going to be great. We're going to have a great third quarter. We're going to have an unbelievable next year unless somebody stupid gets elected and raises your taxes. This November, each of you will vote in truly the most important election in the history of our country.
[End video] It saves a lot of words. In fact, I can go home now, goodbye everybody. [Audience chants "We love you"] Thank you. Thank you. We only bring those very expensive boards to a very special group of people. It's quite costly, but it does save a lot of talk doesn't it? Joe Biden has surrendered his party to the rage-filled socialists, and Marxists and left wing extremists.
They're going to take our money and send it all over the world to other countries that we need for our own citizens in the event of a pandemic, and it can happen again. I am hereby demanding that Joe Biden submit these monstrosities to the Senate as treaties. They have to be submitted as treaties because he cannot be allowed to do that, destroy our country, he is. If he does not, I will rip them up and throw them out on day one of the Trump administration.
I'm the candidate of those who want to defend Western civilization, defend Israel, and defend the United States of America. When I return to the white House, we will quickly restore stability in the Middle East, and we will return the world to peace. And remember the phrase, "Peace through strength." You know, I had no wars.
I believe that's going to happen. But I will terminate every open-borders policy of the Biden administration and begin the largest domestic deportation operation in American history, larger than Eisenhower's, including all of the illegal aliens from countries that hate us. These are countries that hate us. And I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act to remove all known or suspected gang members, drug dealers, cartel members, and security threats from any kind and of any kind from the United States of America.
We have to straighten out our free press. But Joe Biden -- [Audience boos]
And boy, oh boy, oh boy. They've taken some shots and they are amazing people. We've got to take care of those people those people are great. We wouldn't be here if it wasn't for those people. And we're going to take care of them. We're going to straighten out that V.A. mess. We're going to straighten out that corrupt -- How about this 20 -- It's hard to even believe.
So I said, "What do you think? What's the biggest problem?" They said, "Heroin." I said, "Heroin?" Because you know, you're looking at these beautiful fields of values and trees. And I said, "How could that be your biggest problem?" This is our biggest problem, heroin. And I hear you have the problem too.
... We have to make our country better. We have to make our country stronger. And we have to make our country richer and we have to do it fast.
She said she worked at McDonald's, right? Right? She worked at McDonald's, and she was working so hard. There's only one problem. She didn't work at McDonald's. She's a liar. Liar. She claimed that I want to deny people IVF treatment when, in fact, I want to require insurance companies to pay for it.
You want to see something in Washington, you end up getting killed. You end up getting shot beat to a pulp. But our capital will become the most beautiful capital anywhere in the world, and it will be safe from crime. We owe that to our country, and we will replace the people that are running our capital who are running it into the ground, who, by the way, were offered 10,000 soldiers or National Guard on January 6th, along with Nancy Pelosi.
You know about that, right? We love NASCAR. I love NASCAR. Brian France, the great Brian France. And they do a great job. Thank you, man. They do a great job but they endorse. Brian came up he said, I want to endorse you for President. I said, boy that's cool and he did it like in North Carolina. A good place to endorse, right?
We also recognize the legitimate government of Venezuela, and we condemn any of the socialist brutality taking place. Let's see what happens there. Let's see what happens. Tonight, we renew our resolve that America will never be a socialist country, never ever ever will it be a socialist country. No matter what label they use, a vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism, and the destruction of our great, our beautiful, our wonderful American dream.
To those African Americans and Hispanics suffering in crime and poverty, I say very simply give Donald Trump a chance. [Applause]
They can take it away pretty quickly. It's a powerful position. A society without religion cannot prosper. A nation without faith cannot endure because justice, goodness, and peace cannot prevail without the glory of Almighty God. You know that very well. You know that very well. For America to thrive in the 21st century, we must renew faith and family as the center of American life.
It's just an idea. Now, historically, we have the biggest gap in enthusiasm of any campaign that they've ever polled. You heard that like 36 points, in other words, they've got no enthusiasm for him. I have tremendous enthusiasm as we [Inaudible], but he does have enthusiasm to beat Trump. His only enthusiasm has put anybody in there, right, put anybody in there.
And then Mitt Romney got involved with him, and he started saying, "He has the endorsement of Mitt Romney." That's a kill. He went from 44 point lead to a 10 point deficit, but I got involved because I knew it wasn't true. And he won his state. It was a great victory. I don't want to tell you the senator, a lot of people know.
OK? You never gave me credit for that, you gave it to Bernie. Bernie you should thank me. I want Bernie to make a speech today and thank me. Because if you -- If you look at that. I should get credit. Thank you media, you designers people. Thank you. World's most designers people, the media.
Thank you very much, everybody. [Applause]
I have a friend who builds plants. He is, I believe, the biggest in the world. And I said, how are we doing? He said, Donald, we're doing fine. How's your company? Unbelievable. I said, how's this country, our country, the country we love, and he loves this country, he's an American, how's it doing? Not good. I said, well, how are you doing well? He said, I am building the greatest plants anywhere in the world, in Mexico. I said, oh, that's great, that's wonderful.
A few weeks ago, amidst all this chaos that we're seeing with the Black Lives Matter movement, I made a video on my Instagram and I talked about how disappointed I am in the church's reaction to the Black Lives Matter movement.
This election will determine whether we are a free nation or whether we have only the illusion of democracy, but are in fact controlled by a small handful of global special interests rigging the system, and our system is rigged. This is reality, you know it, they know it, I know it, and pretty much the whole world knows it. The establishment and their media enablers will control over this nation through means that are very well known. Anyone who challenges their control is deemed a sexist, a racist, a xenophobe, and morally deformed. [Booing]
Mail-in ballots, by the way, will always be dishonest. Jimmy Carter, very nice man, he had a commission, and his commission said the one thing, "Please, please never use mail-in ballots. Your elections will be fraudulent." France went to paper ballots, same-day voting, voter ID. They had 36 million people voting recently.
No, it's disgusting when you see, you know, when you see the trade deficits that we have with Mexico. Everyone of these politicians come up, you won't be able to build a wall. Why? Explain to me why? Well, who's going to -- I said, number one, the wall is gonna be paid for by? Correct. He knows. This guy knows.
So we're now going to the lobby. This is ballroom, brand new. This was where the old shopping center was, which was not a part of the building. We made it a part of the building. And this is now the largest luxury ballroom in Washington. And great, we're going into the lobby. We're going to cut a ribbon. Then I'm going to North Carolina. [Laughter]
Now, that's Obama -- that's Obama. And you know what, Hillary, that would be four more years of Obama and we don't want it. And tell -- and tell this President to stop campaigning and go back to work. I'm going to deliver jobs, safety, great education, help small businesses to thrive and grow, and create amazing opportunities for the children of this country.
At the same time, we'll work with our Gulf allies to develop a positive energy relationship as part of our anti-terrorism strategy. We'll work with them because we have to knock out terrorism. And by the way, we have to knock the hell out of ISIS. We're gonna knock the hell out of ISIS. We'll use the -- Boy, that does -- I tell you what, people feel so strongly about that when you see what's happening to our country.
Hillary Clinton wants us to think small, wants us to believe things can't change and wants our lives to revolve on not so true, she wants our lives to revolve around Washington D.C. I am asking you to dream big. Remember the old days, dream big. Our country used to dream big, to push for bold change and to believe in a movement powered by the people and by their love for this country.
They're fantastic people. And they're thinking about closing. I never heard them even mention that word and I've known them for -- two of them went to Wharton -- a couple of them went to Wharton with me, the Wharton School of Finance. I never even heard this. We have to get rid of Obamacare. And one other thing, I really think the President is doing this country a tremendous disservice just like he should have given his birth certificate years ago instead of making everyone wait.
You know, you play a lot of games, because that surprised me. The last coach to have an undefeated team. And, by the way, I told Bobby, if you want, if you want, Bobby, this has nothing to do with politics, but it's interesting, because I think most of you people like sports. And most of you people -- you're Indiana.
I can't miss this guy in the crowd. But his son is much better looking than him. Joe Biden's problem is not his age. It's not his anything, really. It's got no problem other than it's his competence. He's grossly incompetent. You know, they keep saying old. I know people that are much older than him that are doing unbelievable things, making a fortune.
We give them whatever they want. But when you look at it -- but now they want to make them electric. And the problem is very similar. They don't go far. They are too heavy, very heavy. You know, the battery, in fact, it's so much bigger than a tank for diesel fuel or gasoline that they want to make a truck like a toy truck, you know, like a little toy truck with a huge battery on the back.
We have to get them the hell out fast. She suffers from a very serious disease known as Trump Derangement Syndrome. But many Democrats do. And you know why they do? Because we're winning. We're winning. We are winning. [Applause] So, this Tuesday, you have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough.
Adam Putnam is his name. Do you think Biden could remember all the stuff that I remember? I don't think so. He'd say, "Let's see. What the hell was his name?" He wouldn't tell the story because he wouldn't know to tell the story. But Adam Putnam. And Adam Putnam had like a 40-point lead or something, and the election was fairly soon, and this was the primary.
We have to bomb the hell out of them. We have to bring our troops back home. We have to be paid -- All these countries you know we're protecting we have a budget that so many times higher than No. 2 because we're protecting Japan, we're protecting Germany, we're protecting South Korea against the maniac in North Korea we're protecting Saudi Arabia.
He brought them back to his stores, and gave them food and a clean, dry place to stay, even if it meant ruining countless dollars' worth of furniture.
And you know, the sad part is, I really helped the guy. I mean, I gave him a lot of money. I raised a lot of money. I had two fundraisers in my apartment. In fact, one of them was such a rainy day that it ruined the Conference of my apartment. Everyone's coming in and I had hundreds of people. My carpets were ruined.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Even if it were bad numbers, negative numbers, I still think it would be my favorite of all time. If Harris wins this election, the result will be a Kamala economic crash, a 1929-style depression, 1929. When I win the election, we will immediately begin a brand-new Trump economic boom.
Kamala wants to spend $1.7 trillion in wasteful spending, causing more inflation, and she says it's a mistake to ask her how she's going to pay for it. "Please, it's a mistake." She just said it. She just said something that nobody has any idea what she said, but she said it's a mistake to ask how we're paying for it. Kamala Harris can't answer how she'd pay for any of her new radicalized liberal spending schemes that will bankrupt our country and do it quickly, destroy Social Security, destroy Medicare.
The new platform of the Democrat Party is to abolish ICE. A vote for any Democrat in November is a vote to eliminate immigration enforcement, throw open our borders, and set loose vicious predators and violent criminals. They'll be all over our communities. They will be preying on our communities.
And I'm telling you, that if you don't get away from the green energy scam, your country is going to fail. And if you don't stop, people that you've never seen before that you have nothing in common with, your country is going to fail. I'm the president of the United States, but I worry about Europe. I love Europe.
But do you think General George Patton would have been saying how tough they are? You know what you do, you embolden them when you start talking that way. There's one of our top people, I guess he was retiring or retired, and he said they're tough. Another one who just retired, General Odierno, he's a good man, I think.
And he had like 700,000 followers. I said, "Whoa." You know, oftentimes I'll be impressed by somebody. I'll look and they have three followers, they say. I say, "We have to wait for him or her." But this guy has a following like very few people. And I want to just thank you because I'm a fan of yours, also. You're a very successful guy. Say a few words. Please.
So you know what, it's too bad, but that's the way it is. Stand proud for our flag and stand proud for our anthem, right? And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God We Trust. For years, you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Florida, right?
They were all there. Thank you. They were all there. Nobody wants to talk about it. They never bring it up. It's not that they don't -- you know what else they don't want to talk about? How about that phony story? I'm sitting in the back of the beast. I wasn't sure if I should be honored because I felt very strong, and I had these two big, strong Secret Service guys, and one guy could lift 350 pounds, no problem.
By the way, their ratings are down 81%. Would you see that? Likewise CNBC and likewise those crooked newscasts, and by the way, Greg Gutfeld is number one in the evening now, and he's on cable and he's great, but he's number one. Because people, they're not funny. These people aren't funny. Frankly, I think they're sick.
Can I help them. It's impossible almost to get them in. You come from Europe. You come from Latin America. You come from different places. You graduate with Master's degrees. You're going to put people to work. You can't come into this country. But sadly, if you're a criminal, a sex offender, a rapist, a murderer, well, quite frankly somebody who's never ever achieved anything and you're able to cross the borders, you stay in our country, in some cases with benefits and never leave.
So, we're going to win the great state of Wisconsin. But Milwaukee was great. They did a great job. The stadium is new. They built it for the basketball team, which is excellent. You know the Greek, right? The Greek. He's a good player. But they built it for the -- for the team, and it was like new, and it was one of the most -- I think it was the greatest.
I got to know the parents well, the family well. The young nursing student, top, top of her class, she was from Georgia, And she was savagely beaten, horribly beaten, killed. And Joe set loose this monster into our country. Wouldn't have come into the country under us. And then on top of everything else, when I met the family, they were so beautiful, so incredible, and Joe Bile -- Biden couldn't pronounce her name.
All of us here tonight are united by the same values. We love our country, and we are proud of our history. We are so proud of this country. We honor our heritage and we treasure our freedom. We support our incredible men and women of law enforcement. [Applause]
You look great. Thank you Geno very much. Congratulations. A friend of mine, we've gone through two campaigns together in Ohio, we won both in a landslide and now we're doing better than we've ever done. And he is great. I had a choice of five or six guys and I do like Polish people and I heard the name Paduchik, Bob Paduchik.
Great job. Today, I'm proud to announce another historic action that we're taking to reduce violence in America. In a few moments, I will be signing an executive order to establish a new Commission on Law Enforcement and the Administration of Justice. They've been trying to get this for a long time. This commission will be tasked with providing concrete recommendations to address some of the systemic challenges that burden law enforcement, including homelessness and mental illness.
But she just came out and she said it was a lie. It's a damn disgrace. And supposing he was forced -- supposing he was forced to drop out and not become -- this is a great intellect, a great scholar, Yale, one of the top -- for years, they've been saying he should be on the Supreme Court. Supposing because of these lies and this lie -- these lies, by the way, these lies.
Read the transcripts. But I want to thank you both very much. Two great people, two great friends. Man, look at all that television back there. Whoa! That's bigger than those terrible Academy Awards, I got to tell you. That used to be big, not so much anymore. A friend of mine, another great leader and somebody that's going to be Speaker of the House, hopefully, next year, Kevin McCarthy, our leader, Kevin McCarthy.
Thank you, Iowa. Thank you. Thank you very much. God bless you, Iowa.
What's going on is being covered like no place in the world. You know the Republican party was a little bit stayed. Was that a nice way of saying it? A little bit stayed. Stayed. You know how to spell stayed, right? And the Republican party was not exactly the most exciting place to be. And this year, we're up 70, and the Democrats are down 32 or 33 in the primaries.
We're not talking about a long period of time. And they shouldn't have done it, or if they were going to do that, they should have held another primary and let 20 people run. And if she -- she could run, too, but they just handed it because they wanted to be politically correct, right? And it's a very bad thing for our country.
With me they know they don't have too much influence. You know what, I'm doing well in the small donations. Where do you see the small donations? I'm doing great, donaldjtrump.com. The small donations. But, but Hillary is never going to bring your jobs back, folks. She's never going to bring your jobs. Self again.
And the great steel, the great miners and the great steel workers of our country out of work and workers of our country out of work and workers of our country out of work and out of business that will never happen out of business. That will never happen out of business that will never happen with Donald J. Trump as president, our - with Donald J. Trump as president, our - with Donald J Trump as president, our steel workers and our miners are going steel workers and our miners are going steel workers and our miners are going back to work again with these new economic policy.
You saw that, right? And all of a sudden, a group of Italians circled around the statue and they were having pretty tough things in their hands, I must say. And it was amazing how those people that wanted to rip it down disappeared very quickly. So to the Italians, let me tell you, Christopher Columbus will always be here on my watch, that I can tell you.
I speak against myself perhaps, maybe not. But I'll tell you what, cherish your family because there's nothing more important. Just remember that. OK. Now back on to trade. So the Second Amendment is under siege. And I'll tell you what else is under siege, Christianity. It's under siege. I've had tremendous support from pastors.
And you know, people don't realize about the Biden administration. It was a very mean administration. [Audience member responds affirmatively]
And they're going to go to other places where the taxes or corporate taxes are lower and they have certain other advantages. We have to be smart in this country. We need somebody really great to be our next President. Thank you very much, I'll do it. We can't lose those companies. We can't lose those companies.
And I'm telling you, and I told you before, I would never be this harsh. I'd say, well, he's got some difficulty now. Once I got indicted, I said, wow, that's horrible. Nobody thought that was going to happen. Even the super liberal pundits said, well, they'd never indict a popular president. I got the most votes of any sitting president in history by far, so I guess that makes me popular.
And then one of their very powerful leaders said, "No more." And they ended it. And we're going to have to end it, too, because we're really a country that is a -- we're a failing nation in a lot of ways. What they've done to our country is incredible. What is -- Kamala, who's a total lightweight, did you see her on television last night? This is going to be the president. [Audience boos]
Think of that, three. You know, some Presidents say they never get any, they last a long time. A lot of Presidents get none, we've had three. It's blowing their minds, it's blowing their minds, but for the people of Ohio, this is what you want. So it looks like we're going to have three and it's going to be very exciting.
African American unemployment has reached the lowest levels ever recorded. [Applause] And I have to tell you, the fake news about two weeks ago got me on that one. Because, two months ago, it was the lowest level ever recorded. Then, about four weeks ago, it went slightly not as good. And I made a speech; I said, African American unemployment has reached the lowest levels ever recorded. And it really wasn't. It was good, but it wasn't. And they got me. They said it wasn't so.
These politicians are really stupid. I said, no, they're not stupid. They're all given so much money for their PACs and for their -- by special interests, by their contributors, by their donors and some are stupid. Many are stupid. Frankly, many don't know what they're doing. Some of these guys that negotiate with China and Mexico and all these big countries where we just die with it with these horrible trade deals.
I mean, it's like I don't want open borders. I want low taxes. I want great education. I want wonderful housing at low interest rates. I want voter ID. I want voter ID. I want voter ID. So we're going to create millions of new jobs, and we're setting the ambitious goal of achieving the absolute lowest cost for energy and electricity.
This stuff is all going to stop. I mean, you know the story with Carrier moving to Mexico, forward-moving to Mexico. Nabisco moving to Mexico. Everybody's moving to Mexico. You know why? Because our leaders are stupid people. I'm telling you. They're stupid, stupid people. Led by our President if you call them that.
How about that? What a difference. What a difference. And I called him, and I thanked him, and I understand this politics and it's tough stuff. But I appreciate when people are respectful. And you know, you can lose and you show respect. But I appreciate it. And we have some good people. We have some good people on that stage.
I know China very well. I have great friends in China. They pay me tens of millions of dollars for apartments in Manhattan. The largest bank in the world, from China, is a tenant of mine and one of my buildings. OK? I know more about China than... I have the Bank of America building in San Francisco because of China.
What do you think? About three, maybe two? It's a different world. We lose with everybody. And then I talk about Mexico, and I love Mexico, but every time I talk about it, they accuse me of being a racist. And I have great respect for the leaders of Mexico. The problem is they're much smarter than our leaders.
And so we're going to be talking about -- we have a few people here and they may be backstage. But Rick Scott is fantastic, great governor, great governor. And Pam Bondi is here, Pam is here [Applause]
The biggest tax cut in history, the biggest regulation cuts, rebuilding our military. Look at what we've done. Look at what we've done. Our vets just gave a 91 percent approval rating, the highest in history, the highest in history. Now, look at what we've done. Space. I never even talked about space for us.
And what happened is they wanted it because that was such a big number that it made the jobs picture not look great, frankly, because they're so far down, but it looked -- it looked OK. It wasn't like a story. You know, they had a normal thing. So, they created a fake 818,000 jobs, and they thought they'd be able to get away with it through the election.
The human traffickers, mostly women, by the way; second, children; last is men, last is men, but mostly women. And we had the best numbers that we've had in many, many decades because we had the border stopped up. We had a lot of people, including, as I told you, 28,000 Mexican soldiers, and they were allowed to be tougher.
That's worse than the helicopters. You remember the helicopters taking off the roofs. This blows it away. Not even a contest. This will go down as one of the great military defeats of all time. And it did not have to happen that way. This is not a withdrawal. This was a total surrender. It was a surrender for no reason.
Who was he calling? In the old days, the FBI and the DOJ used to capture people before anything happened. In current days, the upper echelon of the FBI is all talk while they focus on the sitting president's political opponents. That's what they're doing. They spend so much time -- we won the case in Florida.
I know what that means. And proud South Carolina hearts. I want to thank Sportsman's owners Tommy Hancock and Brinkley Melvin, as well as the CEO of South Carolina Boating and Fishing Alliance, Gettys Brannon. Not Brandon. Gettys Brannon. You know who that is? Thanks also to your great governor. He's a great governor.
Thank you. And I got on the escalator and we're going down. And I'm waiving. And I'm saying wow and I went up and I started talking about illegal immigration. And boy, did I take it.
They're going to mostly -- I tell you what, they're going to vote for Trump. That's why they're coming in because they're so fed up with this system. This corrupt horrible system. They're fed up with it and they're fed up with those guys back there, the media. They are the worst. They are the worst. They're fed up.
Same with steelworkers and oil workers. We've taken those restrictions and those horrible regulations off your companies. We're going to have clean, beautiful air; clean, beautiful crystal water. But you're going to have your jobs also. You're going to have your jobs. [Applause] Maybe more than ever before.[Applause]
And I said give me the specifications for the wall. They said, well, sir, we'd like steel but we'd also like concrete and would also like rebar -- I said what do you want? Which one? So, I did all three because it's a different form of cutting. You can get through steel, but you can't through the concrete, and then, you can't through the hardened rebar.
And thank you. We just -- that was a recent endorsement. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. We got a lot of endorsement. U.S. Senator Rick Scott just endorsed us the other day. It was a great endorsement. He'll do well. He's going to do very well. And your congressman, Carlos Gimenez. Do you know him, Carlos Gimenez?
I wasn't so thrilled with him, but I got along with him. I had a good relationship. I said, you have 1.4 billion people. "Do you have a drug problem?" "No. No. No. We have no drug problem." And what do you attribute that to? Death penalty. Death penalty for drug dealers. They have no problem with -- they have no problem.
So then they say, We want those tariffs taken off. I said, Good. Open up the barriers and get rid of your tariffs, and if you don't do that, we're gonna tax, Mercedes-Benz, we're gonna tax BMW. You want to have money, we want to have money, come into our country, and you know the cars are really the big item. That's the big money item.
Well, I came in, in a sanitation uniform last week and that worked out pretty good. Because Joe Biden, in one of his crazy moments, said that we were all garbage. [Audience boos] But they've shut him down. They took the election away. They walked in and they said, "You're not running anymore. You're out."
I have never seen a human being eat in such a disgusting fashion. I'm always telling my young son Barron. I'm saying, and I always do with my kids, all of them. I'd say, Children, small little bites, small. This guy takes a pancake and he's shoving in his mouth. It's disgusting. Do you want that for your president?
I just have to say close the border, and they close the border.
We're going to eliminate every unnecessary regulation which is choking our businesses and killing our jobs. She wants to raise your taxes and she wants far more regulation. We're going to end education, we're going to end common core. [Applause]
We have a thug prosecutor named Smith, Jack Smith. He's a thug. He's had many losses, he's destroyed many lives and they put him in charge. In the meantime, what about Biden's Records? This guy has 1,850 boxes. He has boxes stored in Chinatown in DC, rough place by the way. He has them stored at Penn where China's paid them almost a hundred million dollars.
You know Oprah used to be a friend of mine before I went into politics. He'd be down in Mar-a-Lago a lot. She liked our key lime pie. He liked our key lime pie, but Oprah was great. She was a friend of mine, but you know, once you do this stuff, you lose a lot of friends very quickly, but that's okay. We're going to do the right thing.
Let's vote." I said, "That's OK. You can count the..." I think we won by three more votes after that. But we won by something in Alabama, we love Alabama. I won by like 45 points and they were questioning Alabama, at least question something that's like close. But the same people that would go after Republican presidents are now claiming it's a crime for Republicans to do the exact same thing.
USA. USA. [Audience chants "USA"] All right. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. All right. You know, it is amazing though. We have rallies, we have tremendous rallies, sometimes 25,000, 30,000. We had one two weeks ago in Alabama, 35,000 people. No disruption, no nothing. But the press is now calling this saying, oh, but there's such violence, the violence.
We need to make sure every single last person involved in this plan -- including anyone who knew something but didn't tell us -- is brought to justice.
As you know, in Europe and in Asia. And now we're getting it back. We're getting it back in record numbers. And I think we're going to be topping any amount. In a few years, we'll be making more automobiles than we've ever made in the history of our country, including what I call prime time. My administration is also pursuing a future of all out American energy dominance.
It was a tremendous success, but they made it sound like it wasn't. What the hell do they know? We talked about ... [Laughter] Seriously. Right? Seriously, but it was a great success. It was a tremendous thing. We talked about the safety of Israel. We talked about Ukraine. We talked about Syria. We talked about a lot of things. And it was a very very productive meeting and -- you know, but you come home, you say, Gee, when I walked off the stage, everyone said that was a great, great meeting, great press conference. Like two hours later they said, The press didn't like it. I said, Tell me about it. Now if I was tough, you know, they wanted me to get into a boxing match.
It's time for a new direction. Our movement is about rebuilding our country, reuniting our citizens and revitalizing the spirit of our nation. I'm asking you to believe in America once again. I'm asking you to believe in the American dream once again. It's going to happen. The deadline for voter registration has just been extended.
They don't like liars. They don't like liars. He comes in with the Bible, holds it up high, puts it down and then he lies. I mean, I call him the lying Ted. And you know why he hasn't -- he was supposed to win South Carolina because I think it's 68% Evangelical. And Trump got the Evangelicals, and that was the day after the Pope scolded me. But the Pope was told by Mexico that Trump wants to stop the border, and the Pope didn't like that.
They hook them up together. With the help of companies like yours, these can be built ultra safe, they're ultra clean and they're very low cost, but they are absolutely safe. Under Kamala's green new scam, billions and billions of taxpayer dollars are being sent to subsidize solar panel factories, windmill factories, battery production, and car production all based in China, Which we are subsidizing massive amounts of product for solar, for wind.
May God bless our nation's builders. May God bless our nation's workers. And may God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause]
To make America safe again, we must work together again. Our victory in the Cold War relied on a bipartisan and international consensus. That is what we must have to defeat radical Islamic terrorism. But just like we couldn't defeat communism without acknowledging that communism exists, or explaining its horrible evils, we can't defeat radical Islamic terrorism unless we do the exact same thing. We have to explain that it exists and explain the difficulties. We have to have a leader that can do that, and we don't have that now.
So anyway, no but I, I went in. People were fantastic, and I went, really professional people. Polite people. I went in, I took it, I took it out of the folder. I mean, they wanted me to put it in a folder, just to walk it twenty feet to a machine. I took it out, I put it in, that, I put it in again two pages.
She went from being a totally disrespected person six weeks ago -- nobody thought she had a chance, nobody thought -- and I don't think she can possibly win. If she does, our country is finished, if you want to know the truth. But she was totally disrespected. The most unpopular vice president in the history of our country.
Did you hear what he said? Wasn't that terrible? Did you hear? I joke, I say, if your wife leaves you for another man, if you leave your wife because you don't like her, I don't care what it is. If you're sick, if, you know, you've got to get out. If you don't get out, we're wasting time just like I told the reporter, "You're wasting time." We have a chance to do something so historic.
I'm not on the cover of Time Magazine. You're on the cover. Just remember that. So we have a lot of things that are taking place. We have a bad enemy. We have an enemy that's dishonest. We have a press that's dishonest. We have a group of people that want to get elected, who have a rigged system, and who have really rigged the system to a large extent.
And we might be able to get Democrat support. We're vastly expanding affordable alternatives to Obamacare. We repealed Obamacare is unfair and very unpopular individual mandate. Well, you had to pay a fortune for the privilege of not having health insurance, that was very bad. And we'll always protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
During the early '90s as companies were collapsing one after another the media and powers that be said, Donald Trump could never make it back, remember? I don't know if you remember. Some of you -- it's still a long time ago. That we're bringing this up is a little ridiculous but let's do it anyway. But they did, they were so happy, just like they're miserable today. They said how did this happen with Trump. They said I had billions of dollars of borrows and hundreds of millions in personal guaranty and no pathway out, and they were largely true except I always felt I did have a path. But I never had any doubts and I never, ever gave up like the people in this room. We never gave up. [Applause]
But you got to watch the ballot counting.
Hillary Clinton said her dream is for totally open trade -- there goes your business -- and open borders -- there goes your country. There goes your [Inaudible]. [Booing]
Come here. Hi. Gee. She's the best one up here, I think, right, Sheriff?
How are they going to deal with China? How are they going to do it? So. So we have now a big -- I think a big moment coming up in Indiana and we feel very good about it. We'll see. I mean because I think -- I think that deal with such a disaster. As soon as I heard it I said, "That's the end of them. Both of them." And Kasich has won -- he's won for 48 or 42. Doesn't matter when you at the -- whether it's 40, I guess it's 42. But he's -- that includes Ireland's but he's one for forty two.
We don't have the American dream. We had it. We had it. You know, we also, had energy independence four years ago. This is all you need to know. Kamala broke it. She broke it, we will fix it. I will fix it. It'll be fixed very fast, and America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before.
And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause] And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America. They'll be banned. With their open borders, they're going to destroy your Social Security and Medicare.
It would take 18 to 20 years to get a highway approved. We have it down to two, it will soon be down to one. And it may not get approved. It may be an environmental problem, it may be a safety problem, but it shouldn't take 20 years, 19 years, one and -- 21 years. And by the time you get it approved it's -- First of all, you start out as a young man on a highway project -- and you end up in retirement.
So you can do that or you can wait a little bit. We're not worried about the primary. What we want to do, we got to win that -- Look, get a lot of votes in the primary. We want to send a signal, but we want to win November 5th. November 5th, we're going to get this guy out. We're going to change our country.
... that nobody, nobody is going to mess with us. We have to do it. You know, General Odierno left and he said the military is the least prepared that's it's been in generations. The least prepared. We need it more now than we ever needed it.
Then the next day they said, Oh, Trump was right, the same thing could happen in the right. The same thing could happen in the right. The same thing could happen in the United States. Let me tell you were gonna, United States, let me tell you were gonna, United States, let me tell you were gonna be right a second time folks, it's gonna be right a second time folks.
When we win, you will finally have a government on your side, fighting for your community and protecting your family.
This action alone will save hundreds of billions of dollars of American taxpayers' money. I withdrew from the one-sided Paris climate accords. And I canceled the insane and costly electric vehicle mandate, keeping my sacred pledge to America's autoworkers. Boy, did we get a big vote with the autoworkers out there.
We didn't have the problem with -- It's happened over the last couple of years, but two nights ago, three people were shot. They walked out. They come in from Nebraska, they come in from all over the country. Three people are shot. They're just shot. They don't even know why. They're just shot and people don't want to go there anymore.
Oh, give me a... If the other side would have killed him, he would have been the worst human being ever created, but he was a bad guy and we got him and that's the way we want it. That's why we are more determined than ever to drain the swamp and that's what we're doing, draining the swamp. Washington Democrats have declared war on your values and the values of a great, great place.
So I said I agree. Except for one thing, from a practical standpoint, it's too much. Most of these people are paying anyway. What I want to do is bring our jobs back from China. Bring our jobs back from Mexico. Bring fairness to our deals, as an example, with Japan. I was in Los Angeles, ships the biggest ships you've ever seen, cars are pouring off into this country made in Japan.
And he built these massive towns that there was nothing like them at the time, and very successful. And he was offered a lot of money to sell to a big public company. And he decided to take it. He was a young man. He was in his forties. And he said, "Darling, I'm going to take it." Told his wife, "I want to take the money." And for 20 years, he went out.
They want to vote. They just feel better about it. And so we had a lot of people voting, but really that's the same -- I do it in every event. I say who's voted for the last three events. Last night, I was at Penn State, a great place. I met -- I actually met -- this is an amazing -- the National Championship Wrestling team.
We will target them. We will hit them so hard. If you don't, you're not going to survive. This is an army. This is an army that they allowed into our country, an army. And if they come back into our country after being thrown out, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or law enforcement officer.
And you look at what they're doing, they're protecting -- They won't write anything negative about a man who is corrupt. They won't write -- there is nothing they will allow to go in. And the forces trying to keep you dow and hold you back, it's the most incredible thing. And I give great credit to the New York Post, who endorsed me today, by the way.
Make it right. Well, I tell people -- Unidentified
But then -- and then what happened in 2020, I couldn't really even mention. I'd say to my people, "I want to talk about the border." They say, "Sir, the border, you fixed it. It's 100% perfect here." I want to talk about the border. They said, "Sir, nobody cares about the border. You fixed it." Well, now, the border is 100 times worse than it was in 2016. There's never been a border so bad.
Mr. Trump you have 30 seconds. What would you do about ISIS?
Like 2000 Mules. Did anybody see that? It can't be disputed. These are government tapes where they're stuffing ballot boxes, to put it crudely. They're stuffing ballot boxes on government tapes. What did they say? They go, "Oh, that was debunked." They never, that was debunked. Oh, OK. Most people say, "Oh it was?
We will make America great again, greater than ever before. We can do that, greater than ever before. Thank you very much, Iowa, and God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Just that two or three second clip. I'm playing with my belt and people don't know what the hell you're doing. It's unbelievable. And then I talked about -- the other day I talked about a reporter who changed his story. He changed his story. And I go into this very highly exaggerated phase of changing the story.
Save Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security without cuts. Have to do it. [applause]
It's ridiculous. And now, she's got a burst of energy, but it won't last long, believe me. It won't last long because the energy is not a natural energy and it's not going to last long and you can't have it. So, the Zogby poll just came out, very highly respected Zogby poll, 10 minutes ago, just before I came on. I said, "Good.
But -- and then they said, well, OK. He just announced he's running. Then they said, he'll never sign Form A., right? Remember, I signed. That's where you sign your life away. Then they said, he'll never put his financials because maybe he's not as successful as everyone thinks. Turned out I'm much more successful.
By 10:00 in the evening, the election was over. You had a winner, you had a loser, and that was the end of it. And they used to do mail-in ballots, but they ended it because it was so corrupt. It's going to be corrupt. I would never say this about our mailmen because we love our mailmen, but whether it's the mailmen or all the many people that touch those ballots, they find them in rivers, they find them in streams, they find them all over the place.
And he signs executive orders. So one of the first ones I'd knock out is his executive order and the Second Amendment where he's chipping away at it which is so important, the Second Amendment and the other one would be the one on the border where basically he wants people to pour into the country unchecked and the courts have been following that one and amazingly we had a couple of pretty good decisions, so far.
We have a movement going. And you people may have heard of him. He's got a lot more courage than all of us. He won 200 races. King Richard Petty. He's a great guy. I'll tell you.
I say this. You know, every time I mention, "We will stop child mutilation." Now, think of it. Ten years ago, you're a politician, and you get up and say, "We will stop child sexual mutilation." The people in the audience say, "What the hell is he talking about? That's not possible." It's very possible that they mutilate.
I want that syrup, Steve. Thank you very much. That was very nice. Well, I want to thank David Bossie. The whole group has been amazing and -- and you know, Citizens United, Americans for Prosperity. It's a great honor to be here. I love New Hampshire. I've been here many times before. Special place, special people.
You know -- you know, when you hear this, you get angry [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] because it shouldn't happen. But what happens to them, they come up in caravans. I think I came up with that name. But they have caravans of thousands and thousands of people. Many, many criminals in those caravans, very dangerous, unbelievably dangerous for women.
I was running against Biden. All of a sudden I'm running against somebody else. It's true. You know, it's interesting. I said, "Who am I running against?" "Harris." "I said who the hell is Harris?" You don't know. Who the hell is Harris? You know, she was the first one out last time. She was the first one to lose.
How about if Donald Trump had the debate questions? Right? The electric chair, right? Headlines, Trump to leave race. We demand Trump get out now. They had Donna Brazile... [Booing]
Joining us tonight in the gallery is a remarkable woman, Denisha Merriweather. As a young girl, Denisha struggled in school and failed third grade twice. But then she was able to enroll in a private center for learning -- great learning center -- with the help of a tax credit and a scholarship program. Today, she is the first in her family to graduate, not just from high school, but from college. Later this year, she will get her master's degree in social work. We want all children to be able to break the cycle of poverty just like Denisha. [Applause]
And the head of NATO, the secretary general, he said -- Stoltenberg. He said that Trump is amazing. "He did something that nobody else has been able to do. It's incredible." Now I don't know if he'd say that today, but he certainly said it then. And I think he said it recently even again. And another thing that was very good is a country, Hungary, very strong leader, Viktor Orban.
You built this country. You built this country. And Americans kneel to God and God alone. My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together has only just begun. You know it's only just begun. And it's time to start thinking about greatness for our country again. We don't talk about growing our country anymore.
You have to go up. What about voter ID? That they don't want to do. But we need voter ID. The Democrat Party has never been farther outside the mainstream. Where do they come from? You know, you say you want low taxes, good education, strong military, strong borders, you want to have safe homes, you want a house, you want low interest rates, you got low -- hey, you got low interest rates, the lowest ever.
I said, "We gotta break the budget for this one, because -- " All built in the U.S.A. We have the best missiles, the best rockets, the best hydrogen F-35, submarines, nobody even close to us. We have submarine technology that nobody's even close. We have things that nobody -- We are the envy of the world militarily.
It would have been a whole different story, folks. And in fact, it may never have even happened because if these people found out -- if they found out that there were guns in the room, they probably wouldn't have even gotten there, OK? So might have been a completely different scene. So we'll protect our Second Amendment and we're gonna really protect our Second Amendment, OK? And we're going to take care of it and cherish it. Because you know, they're chipping away, they're chipping away at the Second Amendment.
If I were president. If I were president, none of it would have happened. You wouldn't have the Israel problem. Iran was broke. They had no money. We had big sanctions on them. Biden immediately let them get rich, $300 billion they have right now, but they had no money for Hamas or Hezbollah. They had no money for anything.
I call him two names. I call him crooked Joe, sleepy Joe. I'm not sure -- I've never figured out which is better. [Audience member calls out "They're both good."] He said they're both good. I agree. I actually tried them together, but it doesn't work together. You know, I sort of interchange. But think of it, this -- this person, what they've done to our country and what's done to Patty, she lost the most beautiful person, her daughter, you've ever seen.
It's a caravan of thousands of people. We have one caravan coming up right now. Thousands of people that go right into the country. But I call these, they wouldn't take the MS-13 people back or other criminals back. And the general said, "We're just not able to do it, sir, because they won't take them back." They put planes on the runway so that you couldn't land the plane.
We don't have wins anymore in this country. We don't win. We don't win at anything. And I mean this guy named John H. Sinunu, who wrote an article in this only paper and they were so bad. I don't even know the guy and yet he's pushy but John H. Sinunu has been known -- he's been fired by Bush. I mean he was fired, right?
We handed over a stock market that was higher than just prior to it coming in. But we're going to take -- we're going to be very tough on countries because you can stop it at the source. If you stop it at the source, it's much easier than really having battles at the border, and we'll stop it at the source.
They don't talk about, oh, isn't it a beautiful day, Mr. Trump? The weather is beautiful. The sky is so beautiful. Look, Mr. Trump outside. It's all business. We want to extend lease. Right? There's no games, right? There's no games. There's no small talk. There's no small talk. There's no, how's the weather outside?
That are allowed to carry guns, by the way. You know, they're all anti-gun, right? But the prosecutors, these agents are allowed to carry. Think of that. They want to stop you from having a gun, but those 87,000 people are allowed to carry guns. They want to walk in and come after you.
But they do that. I wouldn't do that. Just out of pride. I'm not going to do that. We want to keep our own name on our back, right? But he's been a great guy. He's going to -- I'll bet he's gone to 250 rallies. You may have the record, right? We have the people from the ladies from North Carolina. We have the Front Row Joes.
The vaccines are coming out very soon. A lot of great things are happening on that front, but a lot of great things are happening for our country. I'm working to make the antibody treatment that I received to, uh -- I want to give it to all of the people that qualify for it. People in hospitals, people just before they go to hospitals.
I love that name. I want to change my name. And Fitz Johnson. Thank you both. Thank you both. And Alveda -- good, they did have your name down, Alveda. I would have been in trouble if I didn't be, but I picked it even with. And Richard Wood, superintendent of schools, who I hear does a great job. Richard, thank you.
You know that, right? They put it up there. They took it, and they put it up, and they replaced an answer that would show that she's not qualified cognitively, as I would like to say. I think she should take a cognitive test. She's not qualified. They took it out in its entirety, and they took another answer from someplace else, and they put it in.
Much more too. Much much more too. And so I just look and you know, it began on June 16th when I came down the famous escalator ride and I came down and I've never seen so many cameras. I always say I joke it was like the Academy Awards. I've never seen so many cameras in Trump Tower in New York. And I made a speech and I talked about illegal immigration and all of a sudden it became like a storm.
If you want a nice person, honestly, you should vote for Jeb, the country's gonna go to hell, but we won't talk about -- No, no, but if you want a nice person. So Jeb has a memo that he signed basically a politically correct memo. You know, don't say this, don't say that, all these things pages of stuff, but one of the things never use the term Anchor baby. So all of a sudden he's using the term Anchor baby this last week.
Right now, American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world. My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone. [Applause]
OK. OK. So look, at some point, we have to get out. They talk about the surge, the surge. Remember Bush's brother? He said, the war is over. We've taken over. You know, like there were two days later, it was a disaster. Now, Obama said it with Yemen. He announced Yemen was a total victory. And then like three months later, it was like a disaster.
We took out the mass murderer of US troops, and many troops, and many people. The worst terrorist of them all, Soleimani is dead. Soleimani is dead. And I withdrew from last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. 150 billion f -- for nothing. For nothing. 1.8 billion in cash we gave them. Can you believe it?
Think of it. You're sitting there, you get a ballot. Here's the bottom line. It was just given that in the polls believe it or not because the polls try and treat us right. That's why I respect Rasmussen because they did well. A few of the others feel the same way, and they did well last time. Those are the ones that I look at.
Their youth is just -- it's disastrous. For some reason, bigger in New Hampshire, bigger in New Hampshire than I've ever seen anywhere else. And it's so strange because it's just not the setting for it. It's just not what you think. So we're going to take care of that drugs and drugs pouring in like it's water into our country.
We're joined tonight by our terrific Republican Congressional nominee, who's my complete and total endorsement, Jim, where are you, Jim? Jim Marchant, Jim Marchant, where are you? A lot of people out there, Jim. It's not easy. Are you doing well? I just looked at a very solid poll. Jim Marchant is a great guy and hopefully, he's going to win and you're going to carry him over and you need it.
Where's Michaelah? She is something. She is a good person. I also want to send our prayers to everyone here in Georgia and other states still recovering from the recent hurricanes. It's unbelievable. I want to thank your governor, too. He's done a very good job, a very good job. We appreciate it very much.
We're going to give our great police, they are great, their power back. And they're going to protect us again. And you saw it last night, that's one good thing that really happened. You saw it last night, because New York was under siege last night. And these people, first, they were intense.
They know better than the men about fierce. I know the women. They know better than the men. They're more fierce than the men. Oh, her, her. But, no, he's a fierce individual. He's a fierce man. Can you imagine when he meets this guy? He thinks Trump is playing a joke on him. He actually thinks there's some kind of a -- that I'm playing a joke.
I'm honored to be here today in Kansas City, Missouri, to pay tribute to the men and women who make freedom possible. Kansas City. And what a special place. What a special group of people. The Veterans of Foreign Wars, you people should be very proud of yourselves.
But he's a nasty guy. But the father had a spark, and he had something special like they say I have. No, I'm only kidding. But he had something special. Rand doesn't have it. So, other than those two, I mean, it was really a -- even Kasich was very nice to me last night. I was very surprised. He's gotten beaten up pretty badly.
He talked about Trump, then he talked about Ted, who's a good guy by the way, who's going to be speaking at the convention, Ted Cruz, good guy. But he talked about Trump ,Ted, then he went back to Trump. I said, "Who did you endorse?" So even though he was under pressure because I'm so, you know, outside of the establishment.
They don't want them in their country. They send them up in the caravan. You wouldn't take them back, right?" And they said, "No, that's not my understanding, but we would be very happy to talk." I said, "Here's the story. If you don't take them back, you'll never see anything from the United States in terms of foreign aid.
No, he got hit. He went down. "I'm down. I'm down." Uh, what a group of people. CNN, how dishonest is CNN? But you know what, I think NBC is more dishonest than CNN. I think NBC and ABC, I think ABC is terrible. I mean, ABC is absolutely -- How about, how about where they interview me and every question is a kill.
This savage animal had previously been deported after serving six years in prison. And you know, he was in prison six years. He was there six years, and nobody wants to talk about it. They want to protect him. Last year, in Tucson, another illegal alien was sentenced to 10 years for repeatedly raping a vulnerable young woman, yet leftwing politicians oppose all detention of illegal aliens, even convicted criminals, and they support deadly sanctuary cities that release these criminal aliens directly into America's communities.
We're going to do things and we're going to do things right. We're going to bring our country back. With your vote you're going to put crooked Joe and his protectors on notice that we are coming in November. We're coming to take over the beautiful, beautiful White House and we're going to run the country the way it's supposed to be run, not the way it's been [Inaudible]. The corrupt Washington swamp has done everything in its power to take away your voice.
They have languages that we don't even have people [Audio gap] languages are. It's -- it's rough stuff what they're doing to our country [Audio gap] Under the Trump administration, we have the most secure border in U.S. history. [Audio gap] miles [Audio gap] You know, I tell people because they like to say we did 50 miles, OK, 50 miles, when, the first week.
It's a hell of a provision. In fact, I had it ended, and then I ended up getting so much more for it I would have terminated it. We were all set to terminate, but we got many, many other things for it. They gave up everything to keep it. It's a rip-off. What happened to Manchin and Sinema? What happened?
They didn't talk to Bush, they didn't talk to Obama. President Obama, they said, "We're not going to talk to you about trade. Why would we talk to you." And they said, "OK. Great.
Remember that? We had thousands of trips between Turkey and Syria. I said, "Wait a minute. This border has been here for a thousand years plus. We never did anything. Now, why are we doing it?" "Sir? Can't do it. It'll be war. It'll be war." I said, "Our troops are in grave danger." You have two armies, and you have our troops in the middle.
I have great relationships. I have, I get along great. But you know what, it's time in our country that we had somebody with a strong temperament. I hate to say it. Its time. It's really time. Its really time. We're watching crime after crime, problem after problem. We're watching all of this stuff that happens.
And yet, think about it. They want to make everything electric but -- and I'm a big fan of electric. I think it's great. There are certain applications. I mean, Elon Musk endorsed me powerfully, OK? We love him. And, you know -- and his product is incredible. In fact, he's doing a new product today that has got no steering wheel on it.
Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.
So nobody knows. So I put the papers in. The press goes there. They were so devastated to see how great. And I'm not bragging about, I'm just saying that's the kind of thinking the country needs now. They need thinking like thinking. They need smart thinking. I built a company with some of the greatest assets in the world but tremendous cash flow very, very low debt.
All right. There's some really great people, and again, Tucker has been very good. I have to say he's been very good. Smart, he's been great, Tucker. And the legendary Sean Hannity, great, number one, number one show. Sean's got the number one show, and Laura Ingram does not get him out of the park, Laura.
Because starting in 2017, we are going to start winning again and you are going to start being really, really proud of your country. We don't win anymore. We're going to start winning again. [Applause]
And day after day, no one came. And they still -- it's totally deficient. Fortunately, the private sector kicked in, and they're really helping and doing a good job, I will tell you. [Applause] It took six days before Kamala and Joe sent a small number of troops to help. And despite all of this, Kamala Harris said she wouldn't do it -- anything -- she's not going to do anything differently.
One vote away. One vote away. But it didn't work. But this is going to be something, I think, that has even more potential. It's going to be a better plan. I already know what they're doing with it. And we're going to -- we're going to use it. We're going to campaign on that plan. And it's so much better than Obamacare.
You no longer have a country. It's the most radical immigration proposal in American history. Perhaps anywhere in the world. Other countries have borders. We fight for other countries to help them with their border. And then we don't protect our own border, no, it's not working that way. It doesn't work that way anymore.
And I hope you all agree, it's nice to once again have a president that shows up to the prayer breakfast. And that agrees to be interviewed for the Super Bowl. I'm doing that too [Laughter]. They haven't done it in so long they didn't even -- they forgot about it. They said, oh, but they hadn't done it in years.
When the fake impeachment happened, it was a total fake. What do we finish up with the Republicans? 197 to nothing, right at the house. 190 -- It was a fake impeachment. I got impeached over a perfect phone call of congratulations to the President of Ukraine, who I never met before. OK. I mean, if you're going to do something at least know him a little bit, right?
And we're not going to let it happen. Kamala has imported criminal migrants from prisons and jails, from insane asylums and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo. Oh, Congo, they're sending a lot of their people because, you know why? They don't want to take care of them.
I said, Joe, why did you and your family get $3.5 million from the wife of the mayor of Moscow? What did you do? And Chris Wallace said, you have no right to ask that question. How good was that question now, right? This week, Biden released a budget that proposes 11 new taxes on oil and gas production at a time of record-high gas prices, which are making our enemies rich.
Look, the camera just the light just went off. The CNN, their light just went off. I watched their light all the time. If I mention anything about voter fraud, they turn their light off because they know it's true. It's unbelievable. No, the light just went off. I can't believe I got about a minute and a half.
I also want to thank David Bossie for being here, Corey Lewandowski for being here, two of our great supporters.
Here's the thing. So Jeb has spent -- this is like the Wollman Skating Rink. This is like the hotel, right? Under budget ahead of schedule, me. So Jeb has $69 million so far. Wouldn't it be great if he could give that money to the wounded warriors so instead of wasting waste. It's wasted. You know, his campaign manager, these people are going out buying Ferraris and stuff I assume.
Think of that. Compare that to Maxine Waters. You ever watch her? Ever watch her ranting and raving and go get them and fight him, and you know what? Many others. Look at Pelosi, her statements, they're horrible statements. Look at Schumer in front of the United States Supreme Court. He sounded like a mob boss.
We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a large-scale, massive missile defense shield, all of it made in the U.S., much of it made in Michigan. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.
Although, I think the deal I made with China is even better, if you want to know the truth. But China, they were adhering to it, but now they're not adhering to it so much anymore because I left and they don't give a damn about this administration. But we made a great deal. We made both great deals. In fact, be careful because they want to renegotiate the USMCA.
And just in closing I'll say this. Look, when I decided to -- I didn't need this. It's 140 degrees up here. That's the end of this suit. Soaking wet. Does anybody want my jacket? You don't want it. I don't need this, but I'm having a lot of fun. I'm getting to know the people in this country. We have unbelievable people.
Your jobs are through the roof. We have the lowest unemployment rate and now, more importantly, than anything, wages are up for the first time in many, many years, decades, decades. You remember, four years ago I was here, and I told people, I said, "You know 20 years ago, people made more money than they made four years ago, not now, not anymore, because people now cannot only make a lot more money.
We're going to make America great again. [Applause]
They talk so big and so brave and so tough, they're the tough ones. You know, Hillary's real tough, give me a break. Wouldn't that be great? We get along with Russia, we go out together with others and we knock the hell out of ISIS, wouldn't that be great? [Applause]
We don't make good deals anymore. We don't win anymore. If you think, we don't win anymore. When do we win? We lose on trade. We lose with the military. We can't beat ISIS. We can't beat ISIS. Here we have military and we can't beat ISIS. We don't want to use our military. We don't know how to win anymore.
Let's go home. So I leave for the first time in a long time, early. I get home. I turn on the television. They talked about your floods in Iowa. They talked about, how's Iowa doing with the crops? How is this happening? How are they doing in Florida? How are they -- three, four stories, one after another.
We are one people, one family, and one united American nation. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, and we will never, ever, ever surrender. We will fight, fight, fight. We will win, win, win because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. And together, as we look forward to the 250th year of American independence, we will make America powerful again.
You've all been waiting for this change your entire life. Get out and vote! You're gonna look back at this evening and you'll gonna say this was a very important part of your life.
It's very costly for them to do that, thank you. Wisconsin dairy farms were decimated under -- Obama, Biden. Under the USMCA our dairy exports to Canada -- are expected to surge by 50 to 100 percent, and very quickly. And I can't say that Canada's thrilled about the deal, but that's the way it is. I said, "You either do this or we're gonna maybe do something to you with the tariffs, or the cars coming in." Nah, they were very nice, they were very nice.
He's fine. It's gone. The young kids, they have a strong immune system. I've gained such respect for them. They have a much stronger system than we do, whether we like it or not. So it's one of those things, but we have to do that. And it's incredible, but we will, we have made such strides. It's absolutely an amazing thing.
Fox treated me fairly. They've treated me fairly. Hey, I'll let you know.
We're going to be pushing that. Do you know you're the only state in the union that doesn't have a full-service VA hospital? Do you know that, Al? So I don't know. Again, your governor, that's number three on your governor. I think you got to get this guy out of here. Right. We're going to get it built, Al. We're going to get it built.
And I think he would have lost, Biden, and they really treated him very badly. Then he went out as an independent, and it's a tough thing to do, independent. You know, it wasn't set up that way. The country, it's really a two-party system whether people like it or not, Republican, Democrat. And I have spoken to him in the past over the last number of months but not recently.
But Admiral Jackson, his reputation was attacked. And all of those horrible things that were said about him turned out to be lies and they turned out to be false. Remember? People don't want to say that.
I mean, what you have to go through. But I just want to thank you, and that's true. That person, you know who we're talking about, looking down on you and proud of his father. OK? And here today, we're really talking about commit to caucus. You ever hear that expression? Don't forget you have the caucus and you're first in the nation because of a certain person named Trump.
There's massive evidence, or it's a big lie. Remember that? The big lie. That's what they -- While it's a big lie. And on MSDNC, which is also dying in the ratings, but between the two of them -- That's why I really thought that MSDNC and CNN would sometime prior to the election endorse me. We want Donald Trump, because their ratings have gone down the tubes.
Iran had no money for Hamas. They had no money for Hezbollah. They were broke. Now they're very rich. They have $250 billion, they say, not including the 6 billion they got for a hostage trade. [Audience responds "Crazy"]
But she got enough they would have all come from him, he would have won every single state. But I think we like it better this way, what do you think? You like it better like this huh? And we had, you know, last four years ago, we got a lot of Bernie voters. Bernie, I tell you, Bernie is one guy he doesn't mind losing.
We would make a fortune, we'd pay down our debt. And Biden comes in, and he terminates it. Nobody could get it done. Ronald Reagan, it was his No. 1 thing he wanted to get done, and it's much tougher to get it done today than it was many years ago. I can tell you that. They use the environment, they use anything they can use, but we're going to tap the liquid gold.
That's how - so she's spending hundreds of million of dollars on ads, hundreds of millions and a new poll just came out this morning that has us essentially very close to even. And I haven't spent anything.
As we work to defend our people's safety, we must also ensure our economic resurgence continues at a rapid pace. No one has benefitted more from our thriving economy than women, who have filled 58 percent of the new jobs created in the last year. All Americans can be proud that we have more women in the workforce than ever before -- and exactly one century after Congress passed the Constitutional Amendment giving women the right to vote, we also have more women serving in Congress than ever before.
You know what, people in the polls love me on security and there's nothing more important than our national security. And they love me on certain things. But honestly, we wouldn't have crowds like this and it's everywhere we go. We wouldn't have crowds like this. They're as big as the room. And by the way, there are thousands of people outside that can't get in, OK? And it's not like, you know, Friday afternoon.
And immigration is down much, but we need border wall. We need -- we got to have a change in our laws. Our laws are the worst laws of any country anywhere in the world -- catch and release. Did you ever hear?
I mean we've won it, but we should win it every single year. Let's face it. And now they call it person of the year, they don't call it, man of the year. And I know the women out there say, "Isn't that nice?" But a lot of the women out there don't like it. They don't like it. We could have a woman of the year and a man of the year.
Democrats want judges who will rewrite the Constitution any way they want to do it, and take away your Second Amendment, erase your borders... [Booing] ... throw open the jailhouse doors and destroy your freedoms. [Booing] We must elect more Republicans. We have to do that.
It's unbelievable. Your people, they are incompetent. Then I said I'm running for president, they called me, no, we were only kidding, you're actually amazing. They had no idea I'd be revealing their conversation. They can't even believe they got away. First of all, when China sends us their goods, there's no tax there's no nothing.
I said, "I'd rather rebuild our existing cities and we can worry about the new cities at a later date." Does that make sense? So we're going to rebuild our cities and we're going to make them safe. We're going to make them safe. We're going to rebuild our Capitol. We're going to take it. We're going to run it through the federal government, and it's going to be properly run.
They refuse to call it. They refuse, they wouldn't call it. I said, "Wait a minute." They have to call it because I was at 98, not 99. I was at 98. It stood there like for an hour and a half. And I kept saying, "that'd be nice, Pennsylvania. That'd be nicer refuse." And then they said, "Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin." And then they said, "Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan." And we won.
And especially what they're doing to us and especially what they're doing to us and especially what they're doing to Michigan, that's all I talked doing to Michigan. That's all I talked doing to Michigan. That's all I talked about. And I was criticized, they said about and I was criticized, they said about - and I was criticized, they said Donald speak about something else.
He's for France. We are for this. Uh, and Biden doesn't even know where the hell he is. And that, especially in one particular instance, that was not good yesterday. And I believe that happened, okay? And he makes up stories. He said something about me that I stood over the graves of soldiers. Nobody loves the military more than me, nobody.
They're leaving Chicago and they're moving their big plant to Mexico. So when you see this happening we have to stop it. And I'm not going -- look, I'm not going to beat around the bush, and oh, let's talk and let's be nice, and let's save it. Nobody can do it like I do it. Nobody. Honestly, nobody. We can -- I'm not saying I'm perfect because I'm not perfect.
With your help and with your voice and with your vote, the Republicans will win and keep on winning. We will keep on winning. We have great people. [Applause] And Pete is a great guy. You got to get him a victory. Great guy. Got to get Pete a victory. You got to get him a victory. We need him.
America First will be the major and overriding theme of my administration.
Charter Steel announced a new $150 million steel mill in Cuyahoga Heights. JSW Steel -- by the way, you know this is sort of a [Inaudible] because you haven't had an announcement like this is 25 years, 30 years, and some cases it's brand new. They're not even doing the renovation deal. They're doing brand new.
We're fighting for every community whose jobs and dreams have been ripped out and shipped to other countries. We're fighting for every American who believes government should serve the people not the donors and not the special interests. I'm asking you. To dream big because with your vote we are just three days away from the change you've been waiting for for your entire life.
Any other time to make life safe for all of our - to make life safe for all of our - to make life safe for all of our citizens, we must also address the citizens. We must also address the citizens. We must also address the growing threats we face from outside the growing threats we face from outside the growing threats we face from outside the country.
He's tall. He's, he's a tall guy. But he's a strong guy. And, you know, he tested po -- The doctor said, "Sir, Barron has tested positive." The doctors here, Sean, great doctor, said, "He's tested positive." I said, "Positive for what?" He said, "COVID." I said, "Oh, that's terrible." He said, "No, he'll be okay." Like, 15 minutes later, "How's Barron doing, Doc?" "Oh, it's okay.
I'm being very nice. He said, I love football. She said, what position do you play? I'm an offensive tackle in high school. Now even in high school he was not an offensive tackle. Somehow I remembered that. I don't know why. Herschel's saying, what the hell was that all about, sir? He's not an offensive tackle.
Massive water. And then we get it from the other side, with essentially a tornado. That was massively wide. That was the world's biggest tornado. I've never seen anything like it. You go down to the shore; we saw houses where the foundations were actually ripped out of the ground. I mean, there was nothing.
You know. I love to know why did people fold like little people. Why did they fold? So I said, why did you fold? He said, you know, we weren't. And we started interviewing other people. But in the end, we didn't want to take a chance. OK. And it's the same thing with us. It's the same thing with us. We are going to do something so strong and so bold, but we can't take a chance and pick the wrong president.
Let's face it. You know, you can only do so much. But wait until you see what's happening when I do run. And what they don't say is -- governor of Ohio, great guy. Mike. Mike. Mike was down six. He won by seven with one day. Right? He was down by six. One day into the election, I went out, I campaigned, worked hard, made a speech.
Because they're politicians, they're all talk, no action. They don't know what the hell they're doing. They're saying, so they're saying -- no, but it's true and I like some of the them. They're saying, but how can you do that? They -- they can't -- they don't even fathom it. Now other business people understand and here's why, Mexico makes a fortune of the United States.
And I tell the story about Carolyn Kennedy. People love the story, but it's it's true. It was on 60 Minutes. She came in and they're doing a profile of her because she's the ambassador to Japan and they come in and they have the cameras on her and they say, "How did you get the job?" "Well, I didn't have anything to do." And by the way, a friend of mine said he actually went to the tape and he said, "You're imitation is almost exactly right." So I'm saying, you know, saying pretty much right.
And it's coming back. Your jobs are coming back. Believe me your jobs are coming back. To every parent who dreams for their children and to every child who dreams for their future, I say these words to you today I am with you, I will fight for you, And I will win for you. We will all win together. We will make America strong again.
Hi, sir. It's great to meet you. Sir, do you know anything about Russia?" And I said, "No. What the hell is going on with Russia?" So, they created a fake story, and I didn't take it seriously because I knew there was nothing to it. So being a believer in our country, I said, well, nothing's going to come of this story because it's fake.
Congratulations, Democrats. What a rotten job you're doing. You're destroying our country. 11 people were shot on Labor Day. Think of this: 11 people, is this even believable? In Cleveland, 11 people were shot in a single incident. Carjackings in the city are up 57%. Much of the crime wave is caused by drug dealers who during the course of their lives will kill an average of 500 American citizens, not to mention the destruction of millions of American families who are so devastated by drugs.
Right, she finally faded, she faded badly, but if she would have dropped out on Super Tuesday, prior to Super Tuesday, Bernie would have been the nominee, and I don't know who I'd rather run against. One is super left, the other one's had to become super left. One is competent, the other one is only half-competent now and heading south.
By the way, let's finish up this order. We want you to work for the company after you're finished like how about next year? How about next month? Let's get this finished. And then all of a sudden, you get stuck with a horrible contract and these people go off. Even if it's two years or five years, I don't think they should ever be allowed to work for these companies.
I mean, she has a major case of Trump derangement syndrome. I watched her on television. She's shaking -- I get scared. I mean, I did knock her out of office. You know, she lost by the largest margin in history for a congressperson. Did you know that? Because any congressman doing that, congressman or woman doing that badly would drop out of the race long before the race.
And how about the places that think they're going to save a fortune so they spent a lot of money where the water turns off. You press the thing which you hate to do, you know, your hands, you don't like the press. So you get the towel and you press it, you wash it in the water stops. So they have both a restrictor and a stopper. [Laughter] You get like four drops of water.
No, I did an editorial board meeting a little while ago. I really like that group. Of course, if they write badly about me, I'll take it back, OK? We'll -- we'll be back here again many times. You'll get -- you'll get so sick of me. And I'll tell you -- and I'll tell you then, I just like that group very much.
I got us out of wars. They're the ones that get us into wars. We will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the communist, Marxist, fascists, and we will throw off the very sick political class that hates our country. We will rout the fake news media. We will evict Joe Biden from the White House, and we will finish the job that we did so good at that we were ready to finish, and then we got hit with COVID and then we got hit with a rigged election.
And Bob Casey is against every one of the things I just said. He wants the lottery system. He wants chain migration. By the way, if you ask him why, he can't -- he wants it because Schumer said to have it.
Cory Booker. Good luck, Cory. [Audience boos] He's another beauty. He's another. We deal with some real beauties. But we had a regulation where they could build low-income housing and projects in, in a neighborhood near you, you know. (laughs) Right in a neighborhood near you, in the suburbs, right. So the fake news was saying, "We think that Donald Trump is having problems with suburban women." I said, "Why?" Because I'm gonna stop crime from going to the suburbs?
Well, thank you. I love you, too. But we handed Biden a great economy, the fastest economic recovery ever recorded. It was the fastest ever recorded. But now families are being crushed with real wages down 21 months in a row. Twenty-one months in a row. As president, it would be my personal mission to put a secure, middle-class lifestyle within the reach of every single South Carolina family.
I filled my administration and cabinet with people who shared our priorities, and I want to deliver for the American people. And even that, as you know, it's so hard to process because of the obstruction. It's so hard. You know, they say resist, but they really should say obstruct. But it's so hard, because you put -- when you hear that we have vacancies, it's true, but take a look at what's going on. Getting the simplest appointment is a big deal that takes forever.
Thank you, Darrell. Come up here, Darrell. Will you, please? Come up. This guy, I watched him. He's so tough, I said, "Is he really a pastor? He's the toughest guy I've ever see." He would take them apart. He would go into the enemy territory, fake news like CNN. He would take them apart. That was easy for you, though, wasn't it? Do you want to say a couple of words?
But we say on time, under budget, and they're going to be watching and looking over some of the big jobs that we have planned so it gets one properly, not these jobs that take 14 years when they're supposed to be completed in 18 months. You've been hearing about them a little bit, right? That's been the standard. It won't be happening, not in this administration.
I am failing with women. It's only the lowest in 65 years. Sorry. Sorry. I thought it would be history by now, because I've been saying African-American, I've been saying Hispanic, I've been saying Asian, I've been -- and women, it's only the lowest in 65 years. But I thought by now, it would be OK. [Audience member calls out] Got a lot of energy, this one over here.
They say, unbelievable what happened to prices. It's dropping like crazy. It's, uh, and they'll say, what a job he's doing as President and I'm the one that signed it. I said could you put it into effect? But statutorily it has to mature, mature, mature. So the earliest I could get is January 1st. It's like -- it's like crazy.
Violent gangs are drugged out. Vagrants are taking over our big cities, our once great cities. Corruption is rampant. The senior ranks of our military have been politicized. Our leaders are issuing unconstitutional executive mandates, and our country is being turned into a migrants camp. That's what we are.
You people had to suffer with it for years [Audience member calls out "Thank you."] and replaced it with the USMCA, that's Mexico and Canada, which they say is the best trade deal ever made. Actually, the best deal I made probably was with China, but I don't talk about it because once COVID came in, that was the end of China.
They were touching arms and they had big strong arms like these guys right over here. They were big, strong guys, that's all right, and they were like together. And then you saw the first line, then you saw the second line, then you saw a third line, then you saw the fourth line and then they said march.
Do you know China goes to 7 percent or 8 percent, it's like a national catastrophe. Now, what they do is they cut their currency.
You know, there's a recent story in one of the newspapers that they were in a South American country, and they were interviewing a psychiatrist who was sitting at a table, and they said, how long have you worked at this hospital? A large mental institution, insane asylum, actually, but it's a mental. They say, please don't use that word.
That would have never -- all those people killed. It would have never happened. None of it would have happened. We would have been a whole different world right now. We would have been the world that Viktor Orban talks about. He said -- he's the head of Hungary, strong person, very strong leader. He said this would have never happened if Trump were the president of the United States.
And they're going to be people that love our country. They're not going to be people that hate our country. They're not going to be people that we don't know where they come from. They're not going to be people that come from the migration that don't have paperwork, that don't have passports, that we have no idea where they're from.
So he looks at me with tears in his eyes, could I do it? Could I do it? I did it, and then I did rallies for him. I got him elected, and that was it. I didn't know him that well, but he did a little defense of me with the impeachment hoax number one and impeachment hoax number two. Two hoaxes. And I won.
We'll move -- I guarantee. I guarantee. I guarantee. The problem is our country has let it get too far out of control. It's out of control. So many people are leaving. You have Pfizers is leaving. They're moving to Ireland. You have so many great companies leaving, leaving back Pfizer. It's a massive, you know, pharmaceutical company.
We're going to get him. They know who he is. Can you believe it? They know who he is. Nothing's done. Mexico's going to give him to us. Mexico is going to give him to us. They have to. They have to. It's going to be real easy. When I'm president, we're going to put the drug smugglers and human traffickers -- we're going to put them right out of business.
The super-dupers that go seven times as fast as the ones we had. They're now called old-fashioned, right? We have, uh, equipment that nobody's ever had before. No, no country has ever had what we have. We have the F-35s. We have brand new, which is super stealth, right? I asked the pilot, I said, "Why do they like this plane?" "Well, Sir, the enemy can't see it." I said, "That sounds good to me.
So, we got it going, but you know what? We've gone through a lot. We've gone through a lot. The whole world has gone through a lot. For what? For what? Why have we done it? So I'm delivering the great America comeback and we're not having any lock downs, okay? That I can tell you. There's no lock downs. Joining us today, your congressional candidate, Lisa McClain.
I want to have veto power. I used to get such good publicity folks. Now, I mean it's like it's incredible. I used to get -- my life was so simple. My life was so simple. I had a beautiful simple life. It was going -- I built an unbelievable company. And then I decide to do this and my life became slightly more complex.
Sherrod Brown voted for the deadly and terrible sanctuary cities. The truth is a vote for any democrat at this point in November is a vote for Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, and who? The legendary Maxine Waters, the de facto head of the democrat party; she's the de facto head now. Congratulations. Maxine didn't know it; I'm just telling her.
We really didn't have a rough phone call, did we? Everyone's talking about this phone call. The media was saying, what do you think about the phone call, you didn't really hang up? No, we had actually a very nice call, right?  Good, now the record is straight.
Okay, well that sounds reasonable. No signature. In other words, "Whose signature is it?" "We're not allowed to match." "Oh, that's great." Maricopa County has refused to comply with an official subpoena to provide images of the envelopes, which would prove whether they indeed counted ballots with no signatures at all.
The Davis-Oliver bill will enhance cooperation with state and local authorities to ensure that criminal immigrants and terrorists are swiftly, really swiftly identified and removed and they will go fast. Believe me. They're going to go fast. We are going to triple the number of ICE deportation officers. Within ice, I am going to create a new special deportation task force focused on identifying and quickly removing the most dangerous criminal illegal immigrants in America who have evaded justice, just like Hillary Clinton has evaded justice, OK? Maybe they'll be able to deport her.
I was elected to serve the citizens of Iowa and Pennsylvania and Ohio and Michigan... [Applause] ... and Wisconsin and Florida and all 50 states and all 320 million American citizens. [Applause, chating USA] By the way, this is a big place. This place.
None of those very accurate missiles hit our fort. They all hit outside. And there was nobody hurt other than the sound was loud, and some people said, "That hurt." And I accept that. But they told us that they were going to do this and that they weren't going to hurt. And they wanted us to know that because they didn't want us to retaliate.
So, yesterday I sent Pelosi a letter denouncing and condemning her party's outrageous abuse of power. That's what it is, they have nothing. They're the ones that should be impeached, every one of them. I mean, you got this guy Schiff. He makes up a statement and he goes in front of Congress where he has immunity, and he makes up a statement from me that's totally fictitious, totally out of thin air, the worst statement I've ever heard, many people saw it. I had a person two weeks ago who said, I didn't love the statement you made.
Good.
So here's a story we're going to build a wall. Mexico's going to pay for the wall and then they say, "How are you going to get Mexico to pay for the wall?" The politicians come up to me. You can't get Mexico -- I say, "What do you mean?" We lose and trade deficit every year, $58 billion a year with Mexico not going to happen anymore.
And we have the great negotiator, the great man, Bob Lighthizer. Where's Bob? What a job he did negotiating for you. And we have somebody that you never heard of. Somebody that's a fantastic person, but you never heard of her. Somebody named Sarah Sanders. Have you ever heard of her? Yeah? Come here Sarah.
I'm going to end illegal immigration. [Applause]
We are a nation that no longer has a free and fair press. Fake news is all you get, and they are indeed the enemy of the people. They refuse to discuss the Biden crime family but enjoy covering the false indictments of Donald J. Trump, who has done nothing wrong except win an election that wasn't supposed to be won.
It's disgusting. I'm OK with getting rid of the term, OK? OK, maybe one more and we'll and we'll go out. Let's see a real good one. Who's got a good, interesting question? He's a gruff-looking guy. That guy. Go ahead, darling. Go ahead. Go ahead. Hi.
American energy. We will drill, baby, drill. We're going to bring energy prices down. [Audience chants "Drill baby drill"]
Because they're the ones that keep our country honest by fair reporting. But when you don't report the kind of things that are coming out on Biden, the Biden crime family, then everybody knows that you no longer have any credibility. That's why CNN is going out of business. They're virtually gone. They don't even know if it's salable.
But I thought we were just going to win, so we didn't talk about it. And a lot of the things that we said, like we're creating a strong border, you know, it's very interesting. I was telling people that in 2016, the border was like the biggest issue because our border was horrible. Nothing compared to how bad it is today.
It doesn't work that way. And the people see it, you know, the people see it. So some of the names that I mentioned, all of the names that I mentioned and plenty that I didn't, I'll tell you, thank God we have them on our side. And in its own way thank God, that we have a thing called social media because we get the word out.
His teammates could not believe he was doing it, actually, they said. He then tossed a grenade that killed eight Viet Cong gunners plunged into the trenches and killed still more before being shot in the jaw, badly in the jaw. He successfully cleared the way for his men to save their stranded comrades and frankly, for his men to save their own lives.
[Crowd cheering] OK. I like it. I like it. I mean to me it's interesting. I don't have to just speak for an hour and then get off. I like when I get two questions and I learn from the questions. So it's one of those things. So I'm just going to go over a couple of things. New polls came out. Trump is killing and we just killing.
Aren't you tired of a system that gets rich at your expense? Because that's what's happening. [Applause]
They want to charge you a fine of $250,000. In other words, sell your home in The Villages because you happened to say, "We don't like illegal immigrants pouring into our country illegally." We want people to come into our country legally, through a process. And we're all in favor of that. And, by the way, the Fake News will cut that last part of the sentence off.
America is prepared to stand with you -- in pursuit of shared interests and common security.
You know them almost as well as I do, Matt and Mercedes Schlapp. Thank you, Matt. Thank you. Stand up please. Thank you. Great job. Good job. You've taken it to a whole new level. I appreciate it. Everybody appreciates it. It's true. We all won. We all won. Also with us is a true Texas conservative and a real leader.
Then he wanted the boat. He wanted the boat to come up. The beautiful, beautiful hospital ship. You know what that is called, right? And it came up. They could have used it for senior citizens. They didn't use it. And it's a shame. It's a shame. It's a shame.
But when I look at what's going on and when I see the country, so where? Just tell me. Where? I wrote a couple of other things down. China, Russia. Now, they just got together. I've always heard the big curse on this country will always be if China and Russia unify and get together. They just made one of the biggest deals ever made.
And she's not fine with the emails. That was really breaking the law, folks, OK? So, he doesn't get big crowds anymore. But he was there a little bit before or after. His crowd -- we have pictures, his crowd, my crowd. His crowd was much lighter than mine. He had a lot of people, but it was much lighter.
So I mean to me hundred thousand dollars. So I mean to me hundred thousand dollars. So I mean to me, that's the way it's supposed to be about. That's the way it's supposed to be about. That's the way it's supposed to be about something that makes me feel really something that makes me feel really something that makes me feel really, really burdened.
But this guy -- you all know his name -- very rich guy. And he has a problem with a thing called public speaking. If he has to speak to more than like five people, he chokes. [Laughter] He can't breathe. You know, juh-juh. "Are you okay?" He kills people for a living -- meaning mentally and financially -- but if there's like an audience of nine, it's like "augh." [Laughter] So he said to me, "How the hell do you do that?" And I said, "It's easy." And the reason it's easy -- I really mean this -- there's so much love in this room, it's easy to talk.
A Trump Administration will never, ever put the interests of a foreign country before the interests of our country. From now on it's going to be America first. To all Americans, I say this: it is time for real leadership and it is time for change. We're going to change. Hillary Clinton is not change. Hillary Clinton is four more years of Obama which is ISIS, which is all of these other things high taxes.
Nabisco is taking their big plant out of Chicago. They're moving it into Mexico. So what are we going to do? We're not going to have any more Oreos, which is good, which is good. Which is very good. So just a couple of things before we answer questions but I just -- we have to get it off our minds. You look at this Iran deal where $150 billion we get our prisoners back.
And he's very weak on immigration. And he's not a deal guy. He's not a deal maker. Who would you rather have negotiating in China, as an example? Trump or Jeb? Or Trump or Hillary? Okay, Hillary? She's another one with the tone.
[Audience responds "Yeah"] What the hell? I went to school here. I went to school. I went to the great Wharton School of Finance here. What a great school that was, too. What a great school. So, if we win Pennsylvania, we win the whole damn thing, right? [Audience responds "Yeah"] And starting on day one of my new administration, I will end Kamala Harris' war on Pennsylvania energy because you know she's going to ban fracking, right? A 100 percent. [Audience boos]
[Audience cheers "Yeah"] I'm the only one. I'm the only one. I'm the only one doing that. Everybody else, Hillary and, and every single candidate, every single candidate is doing what they're doing, OK? So you have Cruz. I mean, Cruz is getting oil money, by the way, he is so against ethanol, you can forget it, OK? You can forget it. All of those wonderful farmers that produce what they have to produce.
So my father will undoubtably make America great again and we make America great again and we make America great again and we appreciate your support. So come out, appreciate your support. So come out, appreciate your support. So come out tonight, seven o'clock in caucus for tonight, seven o'clock in caucus for tonight, seven o'clock in caucus for Donald, J Trump.
But on leadership, I went huge on everything like 72 to two. I mean we have unbelievable numbers, so high that I say, why do we have to have an election? What do we need an election for? But our leadership on military, on the economy, on all these things, the numbers are -- the only thing I don't get so good is like do you like him?
Knocks over a sign. Think of this. He didn't get hit by the truck. He got hit by a sign. And I call up to make sure he's OK from the previous injury, and the wife says, no, no. We were taking him home and what happened is a big truck hit the big sign, the big stanchion, and the sign came down on the road and hit his car and now he's really in trouble, and now he's back in the hospital.
They have their lowest rating because people have gotten wise to them, and I think it's something that, in terms of legacy, I'm very proud of what we've been able to do. I'm very proud of it. Nobody had any idea the level of deception and corruptness.
Mitch McConnell is the least popular politician in the country. He's an old broken down crow. I want to be nice. I had that word right but I couldn't do it. I'd go home and the First Lady would say, "Why did you use that foul language, darling? I love you so much, but why did you use it?" He's an old, broken down piece of crow.
He's just a legend. He's one person. You know, we can all sort of be replaced, although we don't like to think that. Maybe it's not true. But this is a guy that can't be replaced. There's nobody like him. Dana White. Where's Dana White? Where is Dana White? Where the hell is he? UFC. [Audience member calls out "Nelk Boys."]
Great. I'm so glad you asked me that question. And so you've been paying into Social Security and Medicare, by the way, let's put him in there because Medicare does work. With both, you have tremendous waste, fraud and abuse. We're gonna take care of that, OK? But we're not going to cut your Social Security and we're not cutting your Medicare.
The China plague. But we have the most successful year that we've ever had. Next year is going to be more successful than last year. That's what will happen, super [Inaudible]. I gave the largest tax cut and tax reform in American history and we will cut taxes again for the middle class even more. By contrast, Sleepy Joe Biden will give you the biggest tax hike in history.
I've watched him. He's a master negotiator. So Kerry said he never wanted to do that. He never wanted to ask about the prisoners because he didn't want to complicate the deal. Can you believe it? No, no, that's what he said. He didn't want to complicate the deal. So there's still there for years. One of them's there because he's a Christian pastor.
They have 25 people now running for the Office of President. And some of these people are stone-cold crazy. I mean, they're promoting the biggest socialist takeover in the history, really, of the world. Because, if you think -- I mean, this is the United States. And they have a hundred-trillion-dollar Green New Deal.
But only if we have the courage to complete the job. Gut the deep state, reclaim our democracy, and banish the tyrants and Marxists into political exile forever. They are bad for us. They want us to fail. They want our country to go down. They are sick people. Change only happens if we plow fearlessly ahead and declare with one voice that the era of woke and weaponized government is over.
And our military, very shortly, will be much more powerful than it ever was before. And because of that hopefully we'll never have to use it. We are Americans and there's nothing beyond our reach. The heroes that came before us did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while other tries to erase their legacy and destroy our proud American heritage.
They don't like people with tattoos on their forehead. They just don't like it. They just refuse it. They don't want them back. They're not going to take them, sir. When we load up a plane and they put planes on their runway so we couldn't land the plane, they wouldn't let bosses cross the border. They play very tough.
If I could, I'll ask Police Officers Association of Michigan president, James Tignanelli, to come up. He's a fantastic man, respected all over the country. Thank you. James, please.
We have it in some states -- Indiana. You know, we have some great, really, voter ID. They want to abolish it where it is and never allow it to happen again. And that's only a bad -- that's only a bad thing. That's only a bad thing.
Thank you. Thank you. So -- so I really appreciated that. And it is. It's very hard for Republicans and Conservatives. We have a great judge right now being looked at, to go up and be the next justice of the United States Supreme Court. This is a great intellect. He's a great man. He's a fine person. And the way they are screaming and shouting and it's -- it's a disgrace to our country, actually. I don't know if anybody's been watching, if they're making fools out of themselves. And one of those people, I'll be running against in two and a half years. I'll be running against them and I look so forward to it... [Laughter]
Same thing here. So these two reporters and they always pretend like they're your friend. Oh gee, Mr. Trump. The New York Times, I call it the failing New York Times. It's a disgrace. And by the way, the Washington Post not much better. They are -- they've got 22 people on me right now. I'll tell you what.
I have an order right in front of me. I'm signing it. You have 10 minutes. Call me back." He calls me back in about three minutes. "Donald, Donald, we are pleased to inform you that we were able to end that horrible tax that we --" I won. Do you know how many deals I made like that? I made more deals like that.
We had that person in the back who said a couple of words. Tomorrow the headline will be major protest at Trump rallies, there's no protest. We got 10,000 people, we turned away 5,000 or 6,000, unfortunately. And with all these people, we had two people raise their hands. Tomorrow the headline won't even be about defending Japan.
I don't care. I don't care. And I like her. She was another one right from the beginning. She didn't talk about other people, right? So I said OK. So we had like three hours, three and a half hours left something. I'm just lifting off from Singapore far away. It was a 22-hour flight. Do you think that's fun? That's not even fun in Air Force One, OK? "When are we landing?" "Sir, we're almost there, seven more hours." Oh, good. When they tell you you're almost there, you only have seven hours left. And, by the way, we had a great success, North Korea. Chairman Kim, great, great success.
How about Milley? "Sir, it's cheaper to leave the equipment, sir, than it is to take it out, $85 billion." I said, "You mean it's cheaper? We could send a pilot in, take a plane out. We'll send 200 pilots. We'll bring our planes out. We'll bring them to Pakistan, and we'll fly them into the United States.
Really early voting in Tennessee. He said, All I can say is you're going to win Tennessee in a landslide, which we did. But he said, If the rest of the country is like Tennessee, right, Jimmy, If it's like Tennessee, you're going to win this election very easily. But we all kept hearing, he can't get to 270. Remember, you need 270 Electoral College. There is no way to 270. And they were right: 306.
From Iowa to New Hampshire, we won the caucuses, the Iowa caucuses, in double the margin that had ever been won before. We won New Hampshire, the largest number of votes ever gotten in the primary. Now, think of this Republican or Democrat. Now you had Kennedy up there. It's a little area for the Kennedys and others.
Within days of my inauguration, I approve the Keystone XL and the Dakota Access Pipelines literally within days. Remember, they were stopped. They weren't going to approve them. The guys, they spent billions of dollars. They weren't going to approve them. And actually, what happened is the Keystone was all set to go. It was started.
Here are the basics; I will appoint a secretary of Veterans Affairs whose personal mission will be to clean up the V.A., the secretary's sole man will be to serve our veterans, not bureaucrats, not politicians, but our great veterans. I'm going to use every lawful authority to remove and discipline anyone who fails our veterans or breaches the public trust, which is what it is, it's a public trust.
We're winning so much. Dan, go visit. You're our new congressman. Go to the Oval Office. He respects you because, unlike these other people, he doesn't know you so well. So you are still respected." "And please, see the President and talk to the President. Tell him to stop winning so much. We don't want to win so much in the great state of North Carolina." And I'm going to say, "Dan, I'm sorry.
And we're fighting very hard for a terrific farm bill that includes work requirements for food stamps. We want to do something with work requirements. We want to have work requirements. And don't worry about the farm bill. The farm bill we can sign. I could have signed it three months ago. But we're trying to make a good bill.
I have many friends -- who is not from Sacramento here? Oh, there are many people? That's a lot of people. Wow, that's a lot of people. That's good. They come from all over. So listen, this is on Sacramento. We've got it now. We got to have this. Since Bill Clinton signed an agreement to put China into the World Trade Organization.
So I'd like to see our Fed lead instead of being led. We have created 7 million more jobs since the election. And if you would have said 7 million jobs, nobody would have believed that number.  The optimistic projection by the previous administration was 2 million jobs -- that it would be 2 million by this time -- and it turned out to be now over 7 million jobs.
If you remember, Puerto Rico used to do it, and then they brought tax legislation that destroyed that whole thing. They all left. But they are happy in Puerto Rico. We're going to bring it back to Puerto Rico and many of our states that -- that will be doing it. And North Carolina, I see, is on the list as being a very top one. So we're going to bring it back to North Carolina and the country. [Applause]
Iraq was experiencing a reduction in violence. The group that would become what is now called ISIS was close to being extinguished. It would have never happened. It would have never happened.
We have to straighten out our country. We have to straighten. We got badly hurt when the gift from China poured onto our shores, COVID. The day before that happened, I had John McLaughlin, the great pollster. He was in my office with some other pollsters, and they said, "Sir, I'll be honest with you. You can't lose.
Selfishly, I've loved where they've gone, because I think they've taken the wrong path. But they have gone so far left trying to appease a certain group, that I think they've made a horrible mistake. But what they have done is they've tried to obstruct, and that's why when it comes to the elections in '18, we have to get more because we only have, we're only up by two in the Senate, and a pretty small number in the House. And we have to build those numbers up because we're just not going to get votes.
So, people agree with me, but they don't tell you the story. A lot of them said, headlines, Donald Trump doesn't like NATO; he wants to get out of NATO. They don't say what we're talking about. So when they hear what they're talking about, everybody says, you know, you're right.
Make sure they're registered Republicans, and get them out to vote in their local precinct caucus for -- and you got to do this 7 p.m. on Monday, and I'll see you there if you're in the one that I'm at. They don't want me to tell you the one I'm at. You know why? They got a couple of things going. They don't want really, but I'll be here.
Then he was bailed out by Chris Wallace. Right? I said name, one law enforcement and I said Hey Joe just say the words law and order say those words, Joe. He didn't want to say it. I said Joe just say the words law and order. It's not hard Joe, law and order. He couldn't say it, he wouldn't say it. Then he tried, I think he said law and order and safety and security.
[Laughter] And some were a little bit, they had a little confidence, and they came in early, and we appreciate, we just appreciate everybody. But we gathered tonight to celebrate six months of incredible achievements by one of the most successful House majorities in American history. That's what it's been, right?
So you know what, he's tapping you along. He doesn't know he's doing it, but he's actually doing a very good job of it, because people are voting, and he still hasn't given a list, and he hasn't said whether or not he's going to pack the Court. So, uh, you got to remember that when you -- look, nobody in this group is voting for this guy -- nobody.
I'm not influenced by the lobbyists, by the special interests like every single other candidate because I'm the only one who's spending my own money. We are going to win together. Go out and get Time Magazine, you'll understand it even better because you're a part of it.
We want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally and properly-vetted, and in a manner that serves the national interest.
And sleepy Joe Biden is pledged the biggest tax hike in history. Did anybody see 60 minutes last night? Did anybody see 60 minutes? Which is a total joke of a show, but you saw I released a thing early so they got the full -- but it was okay. But, did you see his performance on that show? The only thing almost as bad was Kamala with the laugh.
We will produce jobs. We will bring back our great companies. They won't be leaving anymore, and lots of good things will happen. You know when I started this campaign it was very simple. I talked about strong borders, I talked about good trade, I talked about strong military.
And you've seen it happen before. You've seen what happened where massive percentages of your industry went to other countries like Mexico, like China, like South Korea, like Japan. In other words, your current negotiations don't mean as much as you think. I watch you out there with the pickets, but I don't think you're picketing for the right thing.
Do the business people get it? Did you guys know what I mean? The pilot -- I bet this guy does, right? I called, hey, if you're making many billions more than the cost of the wall, they're going to pay. They're going to pay. Nabisco is moving to Mexico. Ford moving to Mexico many, many companies moving to Mexico.
A year ago, Taylor raced to the scene of an active shooter in a neighborhood, entered the house without any backup at all, and shot and killed the murderer -- it turned out to be somebody with a lot of bad past -- saving the lives of four civilians.
They're not paying their bill. They're delinquent. They're not paying. We have to get somebody to ask for the money. They gotta pay. We were protecting, and they don't pay. And all of a sudden, people are saying, NATO was good. All right. That was the end of that. Then three days ago on the front page of The Wall Street Journal, NATO to open up massive terror operation.
I want to make America wealthy again. Another industry of huge importance to this state and country is agriculture, especially in Virginia.
You chase discovery, and you never flinch in the eye of a raging storm. America is in your heart. The ocean is in your soul. The saltwater runs through your veins. You live your life according to the final law of the Navy. The word impossible does not exist, because Navy never quits. You don't give up. You don't give in. You don't back down. And you never surrender. Wherever you go, wherever you serve, wherever your mission takes you, you only have one word in mind, and that's victory.
I said very simply they're not gonna do it on my watch, essentially. I said Russia will not go into the Ukraine, now I said that. And the next day, the story comes out and we really let it roll a little bit.
My opponent supports sanctuary cities. [Booing]
But when I win, you're all getting tax cuts because we are going to extend the Trump tax cuts and then some. Remember when we did the tax cuts and then the following year it was announced that we took in record revenues because a lot of people came in and invested in the country. It was a beautiful thing.
It's time to stop making the special interests rich. It's time to make the American people much richer than they've ever been before. [Applause]
It's called pay-for-play.
She should be in jail. She should be in jail for what she did with those e-mails. Let me tell you, you know, she wants to play a little tough. You know, they go back and she polls it. Every word that she said was polled.
China is getting ready to build massive car plants, massive, which would wipe out Michigan, would hurt you, but would wipe out Michigan. Detroit would be gone. And they're the biggest plants in the world. I have a friend that does that. He builds plants. He doesn't do anything else. All he wants to do is build plants.
This is their 227th rally. I don't know what's going on with them, those beautiful ladies, but they always seem to have good seats. Yeah. But Corey had the best seat in the house, and he was telling his wife and family on the way over in the car, he said, "I'm telling you, he's going to invite me up in the stage."
He's got no numbers. So all of a sudden, I see him. And you know he called me up. He said, I'd love to -- it's like a year ago. He wants to play a round of golf with me. I said, oh no. Don't. Don't. So I'm actually a good golfer. I killed him, OK? I killed him. If I didn't, I wouldn't say it but I killed.
They were remaining in our country. In other words, they come in -- we leave them. And I said, "No, I don't want them in our country until they get approved" because they're from mental institutions, they're drug dealers, they're criminals from jails. We have people coming into our country now that we've never allowed people like this into our country, and we don't do anything about it. But Mexico said, "No, we're not going to give you soldiers.
I meet them, they -- they -- to quote somebody, they're coming out of my years, OK? I meet so many reporters. So they do a commercial, crooked Hillary. And she knew that story. So they do the commercial like I'm mocking a person with disability. I'm not. I'm not. And by the way I did -- I certainly did. I have a very good memory.
And they do it. And often, without parental consent. Can you even believe we're saying this? How about -- how about men playing in women's sports? How about that? She wouldn't change. [Audience boos] How about the insane electric vehicle mandate where everybody's got to have an electric car almost immediately? [Audience boos] They don't go far.
They're great patriots. And you know, I spoke to the husbands one time. I say, "How do you put up with this? Your wives are traveling all over the place. Do you mind?" "We trust our wives, sir. We trust them implicitly." I said, "Well, you have great wives. Let me tell you." But they've traveled. I think it's like 228, something like that.
OK. Who likes sleepy Joe Biden? [Audience responds affirmatively]
We built the strongest military by far. It was depleted. A nice Marine back there. It was depleted like you wouldn't believe. We have the best jets and rockets and equipment of any kind, tanks. Tanks made in Ohio. Lima. Tanks made in Ohio. So we're going to create 10 million jobs, I think very easily, in the first 10 months.
We're going to win, we're going to win big. I think we're going to win a lot bigger than people even understand. You know what I mean, a lot bigger. [Applause]
It was incredible. Big, big hangar. We had a very similar thing but you look out and you see this crowd. This is a massive crowd, all standing up, no seats. Sorry about that, folks. Too many people. But the second place person doesn't have crowds like this. So hopefully we're going to win Tennessee. We're going to win everything.
And they got 14 points, they needed 14 points, they got 14 points in a minute and 12 seconds. It was the craziest thing. And I called the coach, because I think the coach is a great guy, general manager too. I said, " Coach, you're greater than Vince Lombardi. Because, Vince Lombardi never did that. He was never able to pull out a game like that." Because that was the craziest thing I've ever seen.
Mr. President, do you know who that is? Even the president just said I do. Scarface, Al Capone. If he had dinner with you and he didn't like the smile in your face, he thought you were mocking him by smiling, you would be dead before you got home and said hello to your wife. And Alphonse Capone, I have -- I got indicted four times by this gang of thugs for nothing or as I say respectfully to the people from foreign countries, for bullshit. [Audience chants "We love Trump"]
Thank you, Dennis. Thank you, Carol. He wants the military, I'm sure a few of you got some extra added access. If you can get in right now and if you vote, you could see our people and you could see Al. But if you could get in and vote, it would really be helpful. Yes, sir. Go ahead, go ahead.
I will always protect the State of Minnesota. I will do that. It's been very good to me. We almost won it, we almost won it. One more speech. I had a choice, I do Michigan, which we won, I do. I should have done it both. One more speech, we lost by very little. Think of that though, it hasn't been won by a Republican.
Meanwhile, 21% of migrant youth who recently crossed the border reportedly have COVID and they don't have to do anything. They don't have to wear masks. They don't have to go through testing. They don't have to do anything. And the country is being infected by what's coming over the border. And not only with COVID.
But I've had, and I've born all of this willingly, and I watch other people run for office. I mean, Mike Bloomberg spent two and a half billion dollars. He never got past the first question. But I do it again because I love you and I love our country. Thank you. So, they're not coming after me. They're coming after you and I'm just standing in their way and I'm going to be standing in their way for a long time.
And we're going to get them both back in. And I just had to say, because Mitch has been somebody very special and Matt knows that as well. This year, we commemorated the 75th anniversary of D-Day, June 6, 1944, when thousands of American patriots stormed the beaches of Normandy and charged through the fires of hell to ensure their survival of liberty.
And now these radical-left lunatics want to win. They want to interfere. They want to break up and interfere with our elections by using law enforcement. They want to go after their opponent. Think of it. If I got elected, I'd say, "Wow, somebody is really doing well over there. Indict him, indict him." Indict the senator right over there.
Honestly? It's the thing they did best. They did a rotten job of running. But to convince people about this hoax, that was probably the thing that they did best, but it is one great hoax. No, Russia did not help me, that I can tell you, OK. [Applause]
And the migrants themselves are exploited, assaulted and abused by vicious coyotes. Nearly one third of women who make the journey north to our border are sexually assaulted along the way. Yet here in the United States and around the world, there is a growing cottage industry of radical activists and nongovernmental organizations that promote human smuggling.
Usually, when I say something, they immediately change it. So, I can't say it anymore. But they gave him speaking on Monday night. Now maybe they -- have they changed it? I don't think so. Monday night is considered on a convention Death Valley. It's Death Valley because people aren't watching Monday night.
Is it Burisma?" Actually I, that I understand, because he's got no memory left, it's gone to him. "Is it Burisma? No, I don't re-" And then they show a picture of him playing golf with the head of Burisma. Ah boy, oh boy. If Biden wins, China wins. And China will own the USA. Remember what I said. The media and big tech is trying to hide the entire scandal, do you believe what they're doing?
The scrutiny, the difficulty, the horror show, your family gets so exposed, and you know, they've never done this before, and I've never been a politician before. I've dealt with politicians all my life. I love dealing with politicians but I've never done this before. And who would have thought this was going to happen.
But they said Russia, Russia, Russia. And Schiff gets up, he goes to these meetings that are supposed to be secret. He goes in front of a microphone. No dummy, by the way, he's a bad human being, very unattractive guy, physically and inside also. See, they'll say, "Oh, you shouldn't say that about a person's appearance." In this case, I'll say it, I'll say it. And he gets up to the microphones and he said -- now, he knows.
Even the ladies from North Carolina were not happy with that. But then we had a great election. It was amazing; too big to rig. We had a great election and all of a sudden, the people are pouring in. And we have incredible people like Pete and the others that are here, Dan. I think they made a big difference, I really do. So, thank you very much, all of you guys.
They give him the money. They gave him the money after ten minutes. I think our Congress has to take a look at that. What do you think? Well,  I think you're going to have to look at it. Can you imagine you have a lot of my kids here tonight. Can you imagine if my kid said, Yeah, Dad, I got a billion and a half dollars from China?
We spent a fortune and hopefully that'll work better than the microphone. Try it. Put it on. [Begin Video]
You've got to pay. NATO. Now we're finally making immensely wealthy countries pay the cost of their defense, we're negotiating with a lot of them. Think of it. We have these immensely wealthy countries and they're paying for a fraction of our costs to defend them. How did that happen? And you know what the biggest excuse is when I go to them and I'll say, "King you got to pay." or "Mr. prime Minister, you got to pay" or "Mr. President, you've got to pay." You know it's costing us billions of dollars to protect these wealthy -- You know their biggest thing is because I can't understand how we did this for so many years.
And he came to the White House and he said sir, we're in trouble, we need help. He was put there to save the company, right? I remember it so well, like yesterday. He was put there -- they hired him to save the company and he came up and he said, we need help, sir. I said, what can we do, because all the steel companies were going south.
And he joined by a very highly respected man, Art Del Cueto. Art Del Cueto, vice president. And maybe we could ask them to come on up. We're also joined, very proudly, today by a large delegation of our nation's frontline border agents. These are incredible people. [Applause] So, let's show our appreciation for their unbelievable service to our country. [Audience chants "USA"]
And also you have to have a governor because you know right now Michigan's lagging great football, great coach, great team. We want a governor, John James, that's going to let Michigan play Big Ten football this year. You've been seeing a lot of the other schools want to open Big Ten, at my suggestion. How about sleepy Joe?
I defeated ISIS. Our military was so great, I rebuilt it. But you look at what's happening in this country, it's horrible. But in my second term, we'll finish the job and we'll get rid of the cheaters, the liars, the scammers, and the criminals. They'll lose their grip on power once and for all. So if you want to save your livelihoods and your way of life, then you need to send a message and join the ultimate strike against the globalist class by casting your vote for a gentleman known as Donald J. Trump, in the most important election of our lifetime.
And when I asked the people that run the big companies, "Which is more important, cutting the taxes or cutting the regulations?" Every single one of them so far has said the regulations were more important for jobs and everything else. Who would think that? But I will order federal workers to get back to the office in person or be terminated from the job immediately.
As leadership of other countries explained that this is what America and democracy is really all about. How sad. The United States has been embarrassed, humiliated, and weakened for all to see. The disasters in Afghanistan, perhaps the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, where we lost lives, left Americans behind and surrendered $85 billion worth of the finest military equipment anywhere in the world and Ukraine, which would have never happened if I were your president or something -- and even the Democrats admit that.
We are a nation that has lost its way, but we are not going to allow this horror to continue. Less than four years ago, we were a great nation, and we will soon be a great nation again. With our leadership, every disaster Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have created can be fixed and can be fixed quickly, and it will be fixed quickly.
You know it's a little bit tough. So check ethics. I may have to have somebody else make the call but I'll probably be able to make it myself. I have good lawyers. So what happens. So what happens I said to myself OK that's me. I say get him back Sorry I don't want to be lobbyist save me the donor see me everybody sees me I said I don't need your money I never took any of your money.
We're doing great, absolutely great in California." No, they're not doing great. They're doing terribly. I mean, if he ever became the candidate, which I don't think he will, but if he ever did, all we have to do is show what's happened out there. But they want to go all-electric. It's just crazy. You know, Germany tried it, right?
We will make America safe again. And you know what it is, we will make America great again. Thank you Alabama. God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you very much.
I will not come to your defense. I will not come." [Audience cheers]
Our border will be protected, and our children will be safe.
but then I said a second thing with them i said a second thing thank you thank
They take young women and they slice them up with a knife. They slice them up -- beautiful, young -- in a case, two 16-year-old young girls walking home from school. They took them and they sliced them up because it was more painful. They killed them. Animals. And then, if you use the term "animal" -- I mean, look, you know, Nancy Pelosi attacked me because I called them "animals." Remember that?
I'm saying, what's -- he wants honesty. Great war hero. He's a great hero.  Yeah. Right, how about -- how about Senator Feinstein? That's another beauty.  That's a beauty. Did you leak the documents? Well, what, what? No, I didn't do it. Did we leak? Did we leak?  No. No. No, we didn't -- did you ever see -- no, she goes no. He just said, no, we didn't leak.
Stores were looted, police cars were burned, and dozens of officers, great officers, were injured. Biden and Harris stand up and they stand with the rioters and the vandals. I stand with the heroes of law enforcement. It took generations to build the America we know and love, but if the radical left gains power it will take them only a short period of time to destroy it.
I have so many friends here and we have to win this state on November 8, we have to. We have to. And I'm going to be here a lot. In fact, I'm going to be here so much that you people are going to say, "Please, OK. We'll vote for you. Don't come back any more." Right?We'll have some fun. But I enjoyed watching it last night.
They're taking advantage of us at the border. They're taking advantage of us with trade. They're very good people but their leaders are smarter than our leaders our leaders don't have a clue. They don't have a clue. We have -- we have a situation, where a mother is pregnant she goes to the border, she walks across the border right in front of our border patrol, who are great people, but they're not allowed to do their job.
We broke up the Iran deal, right? And then, they vote for a Democrat. It's not a habit, but I think the habits, we're breaking those habits very quickly. But we've helped Puerto Rico and we've really helped if you look at what we've done for Israel. It's been, uh, it's been incredible. They say nobody, nobody has done more and it's my honor.
I'm going to fight for every community whose jobs and factories have been ripped out. Ripped out of your state and so many other states. You look at what's happened in Ohio and look at New England. Look at the areas of New England. Look at Upper New York state. Look at what's happened to our country. And they've shipped all of these jobs and all of these companies.
And by the way, who's here from North Carolina? A wonderful person named Laura. Laura, stand up please. Will you go over and shake their hands please, Laura? She's so popular. She's so popular. Ted Budd is doing great, but he said, "If she ever runs, I'm out of this race." Okay? Ted Budd is doing great. Laura, you just made 20 new friends, okay?
And now, for the first time, I can say it -- and, you know, I mean, I knew it before when you have open borders, but they're dumping everybody in there. I knew it before, but these numbers are actually worse than I ever thought. They should have been released far earlier so that we could have done something about it.
It was a pivotal moment in the War of 1812. At the time, the British Army seemed totally unstoppable. They had just beaten Napoleon in Europe, and set fire to the United States Capitol. But that did not stop a man named General Andrew Jackson of Tennessee. Did you ever hear of Andrew Jackson of Tennessee? [Applause] He was a great general and a great President, and his ragtag militia of patriots who were ready to fight to defend American independence.
Three years ago, we were a great nation, and we will soon be a great nation again. It was the hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and it is the hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. We will fight for America like no one has ever fought before. With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state.
He puts it last. Think of it. It's in reverse order. Open borders, no voter ID, high taxes, high interest rates. We were energy-independent just three years ago. Now, they can't get energy. You got to pay through the you know what. I put America first every single time. A vote for Biden means the future will be made in China.
They follow them. They live in Beverly Hills. They live in some nice community. They follow them back, and they go into the house, and they do things that you don't want to know about. And this has to stop, and it has to stop now. We are going to make America great again, but we have to make America safe again first.
He would've been front row center, believe me. We'll be missing him tomorrow. It was such a big deal for him too. He brought together Donald Trump, Bobby Kennedy, right here in the great State of Arizona one year ago. Remember that? What a, what a night, what a day that was. And it was Charlie, who was among the first to speak to me about a man from Ohio by the name of JD Vance.
We will make America healthy again. Bobby Kennedy. We will make America strong again. Oh, we're going to be strong. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Arizona. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. God bless you. [Applause]
As president, I will immediately end the invasion of our southern border, and all of those Texas ranchers, all of those great ranchers, whose houses are being invaded, invaded, they never had anything like this. I saw somebody, three days ago, said, "Two years ago, the border was totally secure. We had no problem.
So the enforcement was so much better, and it was getting to a level that nobody's ever seen. And then we finally hit that level. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. They turned America into a sanctuary for criminal aliens, and effectively they were abolishing ICE through agency director. What they've done to ICE, and what they've done to our Border Patrol heroes is incredible.
And then there's ISIS. I have a simple message for them. Their days are numbered. I won't tell them where and I won't tell them how. We must as, a nation, be more unpredictable. But they're going to be gone. And soon.
If you don't have free speech, you don't have a country. We know that religious freedom is the foundation of all freedom, because we know that our rights and liberties come straight from the hand of our creator. We believe -- that's right. We believe that America is a sovereign nation with a sovereign people, which means that we must have a strong, secure and sovereign border.
You know, one thing that happened, the World Health Organization. So when I pulled out of that because they blew every conceivable thing having to do. They said, "Keep your country open." I closed it. Don't forget, you know, people said, "Why didn't you fire Fauci?" I said, "I didn't have to. I always did the opposite of what he said.
Those Italians, I love the Italians. They heard they were going to rip down that beautiful Christopher Columbus or all of a sudden they circled that thing. They didn't do too well in hurting Christopher did they? Thank you to our Italian population. We're very proud of you, right? Two days ago, leftist radicals in Portland, Oregon ripped down a statue of George Washington and wrapped it in an American flag and set the American flag on fire.
I saw him the other day. We're in line shaking hands with men and women. A woman came over to shake his hand and he said, "I'm sorry. I can't do that. My wife is not here." I never saw anything like it. He's years ahead of his time. Mike is doing a fantastic job as our vice president. He really is. He's doing a fantastic job. Could not have asked for better. I really am very proud to call him, "The Apprentice."
Now, if the government wanted to, I have a feeling they'd be able to stop caravans from forming in those three countries. I have a feeling they're, pretty tough they're, pretty tough ad, but they did say, stop the payment. Do you mind? Are you okay with it? Because I've taken -- I've taken a lot of heat from the stupid people that say, "Oh gee, we should keep..." We have people that work with them that say we should be sending much more money.
You're going to elect the incredible slate of true America first Republicans up and down the ballot. We're going up and down the ballot like they've never seen before, and we're going to end Crazy Nancy Pelosi's political career once and for all. They had a little rally here. Nobody showed up for their rally.
One area where honesty is badly needed is on the subject of economic and living conditions for African-American citizens in the United States.
I gave them javelins. And then they said, and you saw what those javelins did to their tanks. That wasn't pretty but that was me that gave it to them. And then they say, "Trump was soft." I saw it the other day. Some idiot was saying, "Trump was actually soft on Russia." I ended Nord Stream 2. The pipeline was done.
I think she does. I do believe. You know, she's -- don't forget she's from San Francisco. She's a Marxist or as you would say a communist from San Francisco. She destroyed the greatest city in the country, probably, you know? It's probably the best city in the country, was. My closing message is that I love America and I'm inviting you to join us in building an extraordinary future for our nation.
How many think they could have done it for less? Would you raise your hands please? But I look at Obama, I look at that deal where we gave to Iran $150 billion. They don't need to develop nuclear weapons; they can buy them. They can buy them. It's true. Why do they have to develop them? They can buy them. We gave them $150 billion.
This means help for projects like the First Coast Expressway. Do you like the First Coast Expressway? School Choice and Educational Opportunity Act. Gives parents the right to send their kids to the school of their choice. Choice. Choice. Choice. Great. Choice is important. And we're going to end Common Core and bring education local. [Applause]
They brought them in, among others. This Milley is an idiot. I got to know him. He's an idiot. They moved the military out first. Let's get the military out. Then after that, we'll negotiate for hostages. Let's leave them $85 billion in America's finest weapons and latest equipment. He abandoned hundreds of American citizens in enemy-occupied territory, and the press is trying to play the whole situation down like it never took place, because they are among the most corrupt people in this country.
All day long it's negative. In fact I have some great things that have happened, right? And they'll cover it in a negative manner, so it sounds negative, great stuff. Great stuff. Even when I was winning -- I was winning by tremendous numbers, we had numerous people left, and I'd get like 42 percent of the vote with many people, getting 42 percent is impossible.
I don't care. The country is so bad now. It's doing so poorly on so many different fronts that whatever it is, it is. They would like me to be more politically correct. I went to an Ivy League school. I'm like an intelligent person. I can be so correct that even the correct people would have said, "Man, he is the most elegant human being I've ever seen." But we don't have time.
You say I love Bruce Springsteen, and then they used to throw him out of the concert hall. When somebody throws you out of a concert, you shouldn't love them. You sort of say, "I don't like that music," right? You remember him saying that, then they threw him out of the concert? So, this is having to do with our border, an old, great song.
I secured record and permanent funding for historically black colleges and universities. Nobody knows that. [Applause]
One company said they're going out of that business and they're going to write off $229 million. How do you spend that much money to convince people that they should have transgender operations and various and sundry other things that we don't like to talk about? It's crazy the amount of money that was -- it was almost like a, just a mind blower, what they were doing.
They enacted disaster trade -- really, and I mean disastrous trade policies. Like, it's unimaginable, frankly. I looked at some of these deals; I said, "Who the hell would have done this? Who would have done this? A child wouldn't have agreed to this stuff." Unbelievable. And we're still here.
We had a general named Cain. I went to Iraq. I don't want to embarrass him, because he's not a television general. I'll end up ruining him. He'll probably come out with a bad statement about me, because he was told to. But we had a general. I flew in, and I landed at night. Every window was dark, because they thought it would be -- This is on Air Force One.
The rebuilding of our military will include major new assets across the state of Florida, including new Navy and Coast Guard ships to patrol the seas, new advanced manufacturing on Florida space coast and new aircraft that will fly from MacDill Air Force Base and Naval Air Station Pensacola. We know that. [Applause]
I say, oh, my, oh, it was brutal. You have no idea. OK. Now I call Luther Strange.
I hear it's looking good. And also, a special person -- and he was going to make his way up, I said do this, don't even think about it, just keep campaigning because he's doing fantastic. He's only been there for a short while, Troy Balderson, he's respected by everybody, Troy Balderson. Troy is in there working, I said just stay there and campaign.
If we want to be accurate about it. We wanna be accurate. I'll be called -- Well, I'll be called a three-termer, but the only problem is I want to be three terms but I don't want the results of the second term, okay? I don't want anything to do with people pouring into our country totally unchecked and a big problem, but we're getting 'em out.
What a friend. Drew Ferguson. What a friend. These are great people, I'm telling you. Darin LaHood. Darin. Thank you very much, Darin. Great job. Michael McCaul. You did a phenomenal job three, four days ago, Mike, with your speech on the floor. That was incredible. Very inspiring. Patrick McHenry. He's a -- number one, he's a great guy.
She said, I never expect to hear that from you again. She said he's a pussy. That's terrible. Terrible. That's terrible. Now what kind of people do I have here? OK? What do I have? So you remember when not so long ago, not so far from here, I had a group of people were doing a question and answer. And somebody came up with a pretty tough statement about Obama and the press got very angry because I didn't defend the president.
This is how we won the Cold War, and it's how we will win our new and future struggles.
But we're coming down the escalator and I say to my wife, OK. We have to do it. I'm just seeing so many stupid things. I said, we have to do it. We've got to go and we've got to do it. And she said, if you want to do it, I'm with you 100 percent. She's been so supportive.
I told him, I said, you know I don't want your money because in two years when you come to see me about something I'm not doing it unless it's good and unless it's gonna make America great again, right? Right?. But I'm gonna have to rethink it, I think I'm gonna rethink that because I think I should take a lot of money. Are we allowed to give it to charity or something? I don't know. Give it -- said just take it, just take it.
Could be great Trojan horse of all time. Get ready. Get ready.
Real change begins with ridding Washington of corruption. Hillary Clinton bleached and deleted 33,000 e-mails, lied to Congress under oath, made 13 phones disappear -- some with a hammer, and then told the FBI she couldn't remember, 39 separate times. She couldn't remember, you know, her memory is a little bit off. [Booing]
He's laughing. We're talking about human beings. "No, they're not human beings, sir. These are animals. These aren't human beings. These are animals." I said, well, maybe if you fly over them with those incredible thunderous planes, the greatest planes in the world, maybe you'll shake them up a little bit, and they'll surrender. "Sir, they don't know what a white flag is." I remember that statement. "They don't know about surrendering, sir.
We love Tom Brady. But we had a thing where we had an arena, we had 12,000 people. Bernie Sanders, the same exact hour, had 3,000 people at a different site. The next day they talked about how big the crowds were for Bernie Sanders. And I said, wow, that's unfair. That's really unfair. All right, you ready?
But it was 32 days, and she's reading and the teleprompter broke. That happens a lot. If you're going to be a politician, you better be able to get through it without a teleprompter, but she can't. And the sucker snapped back, damn it, it snapped back. She was reading, right? She goes, "And 32 days -- 32 days -- 32 days, 32 --" I said, "Oh, this is bad."
I don't care, I don't care. We're gonna win, we gotta win! You're gonna lose your country if you don't win! The worst in presidential politics -- now you're gonna lose your country, it'll be a disaster. He's not gonna be running things. You have Kamala -- Kamala. You know, if you don't pronounce her name exactly right, she gets very angry at you.
The list goes on and on and on. And these people are protected by their sanctuary cities fools. In my State of the Union Address, I called at Congress to pass legislation allowing the victims of these deadly policies to sue these sanctuary cities for the pain, anguish, and suffering they inflict on our people.
I'm going to do it.
They say, "Who's running?" "Harris." "Harris. Who the hell is Harris?" They said, "Kamala, the one that failed" -- the one that -- was the first one out in the 22-person campaign for the Democrat nomination, the one that wasn't able to make it to Iowa, the one that quit first. She was the first one out.
I have these guys and women. I have these people that are the best in the world. They're the best business people in the world. I know them all. I know the great ones. I know the bad ones. I know the overrated ones. You have people that you think are great, they're totally overrated. I happen to be underrated, by the way, but that's OK. It's good to be -- it's very good to be underrated.
And, you know, we had some problems with certain countries. Still do with a couple, but we'll take care of them -- don't worry about it. Anytime we have a trade deficit, it's very easy -- which is almost everywhere. We have trade deficits with almost every country because we had a lot of really bad negotiators making deals with other countries. So it's almost everywhere, so that takes care of itself.
I know all about the games. I know them better than they know and they don't want it. Plus, they don't like the fact -- one of them said, we hate the fact that Donald isn't that guy. I know most of these men. We hate the fact that Donald doesn't want any money. Because if I don't want any money, they don't have any control.
One other thing about him. He runs for president. He's lived in New Hampshire forever. He said there he had the record, more than Chris, more than anybody by far. He lived in New Hampshire. He moved out of the state and he said he was going to win New Hampshire. He did poorly there. He then moved to -- right?
Do you know that we have the hottest economy, as big as we are? We were going down. We have the hottest economy on Earth. People are moving back in. We're winning again. We're respected again. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in, we will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender.
They go take tests. It's a beautiful thing to watch. They love the country so much. And yet, others just walk across the border. I'll also use Title 42 to end the child trafficking crisis by returning all trafficked children to their families in their home countries immediately. Horrible, horrible. I'll shift massive portions of the existing federal law enforcement apparatus to immigration enforcements, including parts of the DEA, ATF, FBI, and Homeland Security investigators.
I go for sometimes two hours, two and a half hours because, you know, people are waiting outside for three days, four days. You guys were waiting out there for a long time. Front-Row Joes are waiting out. I don't know how you guys do it. And I feel I have an obligation to speak and speak in a certain way and speak a little bit longer.
And we're waging total war on waste, fraud and abuse like we've never done before. Since January, 100,000 bureaucrats have left the federal payroll, government spending is down 2.5 percent this quarter compared to one year ago. Think of that. And in stark contrast to last administration, 100 percent of all new jobs created in America under my administration have been created in the private sector, 100 percent of the jobs have come from the private sector.
Fourth Amendment, Kim, you know, they ever did that to your -- well, they wouldn't do it because you're in Iowa. They wouldn't have the courage to do that in Iowa. The radical left thinks, by doing all of these wicked and venomous things, and they are really horrible, that they're making us weaker, when in actuality, they are making us all more unified, and they're making us all much stronger, right?
I'm the victim of it, and it's my great honor because you're finding out they're doing things to me that has never happened. And here I am, and we're leading in every poll. So just, let's get there. Let's get there. The closer we do, and the better we do, the more dramatic they become. Joe Biden is a threat to democracy.
It's been a stream of lies and abuse that few people could ever imagine. Few people can imagine. I had a man come up to me, a very famous man, almost everybody probably would have heard of him, a businessman. I saw him about two weeks ago. He said to me, "Could I ask you?" I'd never even liked him very much, to be honest.
You're going to be big factor in the vote. I will say places like Miami and different places were great, but honestly, I went from 25% to 29%. And based on what I did and based on my love of the same love that you have, I should be at 100. I should be at 100. But let me give you the bad news. A poll? I just told you how good the polls are, but we need every vote we can get.
And I want to thank you for the outstanding job your country is doing in so many different ways and for helping us so much with this peace agreement. I also wanna thank the president for the escort of six fighter jets. Oh, we looked out the window. We said, "I hope they're friendly." And they turned out to be very friendly.
Even the - they have no chance to win even the pundits, the pundits, many of whom aren't pundits, the pundits, many of whom aren't pundits. The pundits, many of whom aren't exactly in love with Donald Trump, say exactly in love with Donald Trump, say exactly in love with Donald Trump say it's the single greatest movement in the - it's the single greatest movement in the - it's the single greatest movement in the history Of our country, it is never been history of our country, it is never been history of our country.
I want you to know we'll always stand strong and unified with our farmers and our ranchers -- the backbone of America -- that I can tell you, 100 percent. [Applause]
This is the difference between us and Joe Biden, Mayor Jacob Frey -- [Audience Boos]
I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm working for you. I'm working for you. Believe me, I'm working for you. So here's what I have to tell you. So one of the reasons I happen to be conservative but one of the reasons I like to say, you know, the elite, the elite, they call themselves the elite conservatives.
I don't not ask the media, but they won't give me -- How many -- What did he get? You know like 20, 21. He won by a lot. He won by a lot. I'd ask that, but we're not going to get a straight answer. They were not happy. I'll tell you, Tuesday night, the fake news was not happy. You know they had their studios all built.
That's not bad. Right? Remember? Remember what it used to be? 5.50, and nobody, uh, saw an end in sight. We, uh -- We have it to two, and even sometimes below. At the same time, we saved our great companies, our energy. We're number one in the world now. By far, number one in the world. And Pennsylvania is a big, big part of it.
You're going on Tuesday. That's number one because we got to get -- I don't like talking about -- like people are coming up to me, my staff over here who are great, "Sir, I'd like to recommend some people." I said, "I don't want to talk about any people. First, I want to win." Right? We don't want to talk about people.
Sometimes they can't even sell it, but they end up losing their businesses or they have to sell their business. And the people that come in don't run the business the same way and the business goes out of business.
Thank you very much. That's so great, Kevin. Stand up, Kevin, will you, please? Also the next Iowa attorney general. And I'll tell you, Brenna Bird -- does everybody know Brenna Bird? She's incredible. And I want to let you know, and this is at the request of Kim and Chuck and everybody here, frankly, and I was going to do it anyway, but I got to get it done quickly, she has my complete and total endorsement, OK? Brenna, she's fantastic.
I knew his father very well and his father was a great coach. He was really a good coach. He was -- he knew how to win, right? He knew how to win. Former governor, Jim Gilmore. Jim, thank you. Thank you, Jim. Congressional nominees, Laurie Buchwald. Laurie, thank you. Good luck. Oh, you're going to do well.
And I say, excuse me, but we just had the best job numbers in the history of our country for all of those groups. How do you win that? You know what happens? They go, uh, OK, let's get on to the next subject. But that's not all. Almost every category, every number is the best. Except I failed with women.
So,I said that, and CNN got very upset [Inaudible] Their camera just went off, they're like -- They got upset, they said, "He is not young, and he is not in perfect shape."I said, "I'm a great physical specimen." They, they didn't like it whenI said that. They, they don't like -- They don't like those kind of things.
I know them both very well. We will build a great Iron Dome over our country, a dome like nobody has ever seen before. Better than the one in Israel, which works pretty well, thanks to us also. A state-of-the-art missile defense shield that will entirely be built in America and create jobs, jobs, jobs. Much of it's going to actually be built in New Jersey.
We have taken out of our country -- and actually -- can you believe I have to say this -- we have liberated towns. Liberated. Like it was captured by a foreign country. We have liberated towns out in Long Island. [Applause] MS-13, gangs. We have taken them out of our country by the thousands. [Applause]
He used to tell me that, "I want to invest my money in Easton." I don't know if that was a good thing or a bad thing. I hope he's doing well, but he was one hell of a fighter. From Scranton to Easton, to Allentown, we're going to fight for every job, every family, every neighborhood, and every vote. Together we'll unite citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed, as one people, one family, one glorious nation under God.
We're going to be opening new markets for your exports. We're going to be eliminating job-killing regulations, which we've already done in record numbers. No, record numbers. We will be ending oppressive federal intrusion -- and you and your families know exactly what that means. We'll be cutting your taxes and, just like I promised, we are ensuring that ethanol will remain a vital part of America's energy future with my -- just last week, at the absolute urging of your great Secretary of Agriculture, Mr. Sonny Perdue.
It's so simple. We have totally incompetent people. Now, some people say they're bad people. I don't think they're that smart to be bad people. I just think -- honestly, I mean, a lot of people get angry when I say I don't think they're bad. I think they're stupid. I think they're incompetent. So, we've got to take our country back.
I can think of nothing more important. The third part of our initiative is to get lifesaving help to those who need it. We're going to make sure our first responders have access to lifesaving overdose-reversing drugs -- which, by the way, are amazing.
Said, "No thank you, darling." They think it's a misprint. It's quadruple. They think it's a misprint. They look at the price. Oh isn't that cute? They made a mistake. Somebody made a mistake. Biden created the worst inflation in much more than 40 years and it's going a lot higher, get used to it. It's costing families, right now, almost $6,000 a year.
They have a drug problem. They make drugs for the United States, OK? That's a drug. I said don't do that anymore. But I said, do you have a drug problem? "No, no, no." I said, what do you attribute that to? "Quick trial," he said. OK, tell me, what's a quick trial? If somebody is caught in China selling drugs, he is given a trial quickly.
Believe me, she doesn't understand it. Bad judgment. We talk about it. She's got bad judgment. You know where it came from. It came from me. It also came from his current -- her current opponent. Who's doing pretty well. I'll tell you. You talk about a rigged system. He wins every week and he keeps losing.
They were supposed to take everyone in. They didn't take everyone in. They wanted to run it all by themselves. That's what happened. That's how ISIS formed. OK. That's what happened. And ISIS turned out to be a lot tougher than they are. So they have oil. And that's where they get most of their money. They also get it from banking sources.
It's all right. Good. You know what I keep saying? That Bill. He says, don't pay them. Don't pay him. You hear that, Johnny? Don't pay the damn bill, will you please a piece of garbage? I it's not even the first rate bank. The one the good one is, is it's put to rest. We put it to the good one. We put the rest.
But I said, yeah, this morning, they wanted to know and I said, yeah, why not. What the hell? You know, the way I look at it, they ask you a question and you give them an answer. It's not that hard, but they didn't show up for years. So, they were almost shocked when I said, yeah, I'll do it. Why not? But I want to thank our great newly confirmed Secretary of the Interior, Doug Burgum, who is fantastic by the way, for being here this morning.
We will protect Israel totally.
Also, they wanted to hold these numbers till after because these numbers are worse than the 818,000 fraudulent job numbers, with only 12,000 jobs were created. That's a depression. Listen to this, 30,000 private sector jobs were killed in a single month and nearly 100,000 manufacturing jobs were wiped out since the beginning of the year, 100,000.
They're going to be competition. But you know what, now, America fought back and all of these companies are coming back into our nation again, they want to be where the action is. They want to be where the action is. They're all coming back, all of them. And the era of economic surrender is over. That's what we did.
And I believe that's the real reason their ratings or their approval numbers are so low. These horrific findings are now in the hands of the Arizona attorney general. And let's hope that he does the right thing for our country. I don't know that he will, I don't know that he will, but let's hope he does.
And so does Patton and so do MacArthur, and so as anybody that's smart. So when they ask me about, like what I want to do with Syria?" I know what I want to do
You know, we protect many many nations and we're not reimbursed properly for the protection. Many of these nations are very wealthy nations. We protect Germany. We protect Japan. Love Germany. Love Japan. Many friends. We protect South Korea. Great, great -- from the madmen next door. We have 28,000 soldiers on the line.
After I put tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back. But the biggest thing I did was knock out his executive order. I've knocked out so much of the things that he did. He can't -- he can't like me too much. I would say he doesn't like me too much. Hey, did you see what happened with the FBI today?
The death penalty with a quicker trial, not a trial that lasts for 15 years and everybody gets exhausted. We will liberate our country from the illegal alien drug dealers, robbers, murderers, gang members, and child predators. And we will make America safe again for our citizens and make it greater, stronger, better, more beautiful than ever before.
And I'm not talking from weakness, folks. I know all about negotiating from weakness and from strength. Hillary Clinton is a weak person. Hillary Clinton is totally scripted. Hillary Clinton is a thief. And Hillary Clinton should be in jail for what she did to our national security. [Applause]
But I have it in the back of my mind. Our current president came out of nowhere with no track record. So there was absolutely nothing to criticize. He didn't do anything, so I can't look at his 75 deals and say, "Oh, gee, look. His secretary didn't dot the i and therefore he did something so wrong. Look what happened.
This fundamental right is under growing threat around the world. Hard to believe, but 80 percent of the world's population lives in countries where religious liberty is in significant danger or even completely outlawed. Americans will never fire or tire in our effort to defend and promote freedom of worship and religion.
We have a guy in New York a year ago -- he ran over and killed eight people, right? Eight people, and nobody ever talks about the people that were injured. Do you ever notice? They say, eight people who died, well, about 12 are just horribly injured. They lose an arm. They lose a leg.
And we're going to rebuild our military because our military is being decimated. Did anybody see the big piece that was on television all last week? Where our fighter jets are going to junkyards to buy planes. This is our -- this is the United States, right? They saw it. Where our fighter pilots and fighter planes, they're going to junkyards, where they have the junkyards for the old broken down planes, and they're stripping the planes apart and putting them on our 20 year old fighter planes.
They're coming from all over the world. Our middle class is being crushed by Biden's crippling inflation like we have never seen before, really. Violent criminals are running wild in Democrat-run cities while law enforcement has been weaponized against Christians, conservatives, and people of faith. We have war in Europe, war in the Middle East.
I did a book. They can't publish it anymore. They can't get the paper, the glue, the ink. Go out and buy it, you'll like it. Murders are surging. Illegal aliens are pouring in by the millions and millions. China is threatening Taiwan. Iran is on the cusp of a nuclear bomb. Russia may take over Ukraine. Do you hear that crowd back there?
A lot of bullets were flying right over our head. They were not sitting back and taking a pass. They were not saying, "Well, gee, I'm not going to go over there," that's dangerous stuff. They were on top of me in seconds, and you got to give them a lot of credit. But here, you have to give them credit, too, because this agent -- I would have been in that location within 10 minutes, right, and right next to the guy practically.
It's just been announced that the residents of Florida -- sorry to tell you this, folks. I don't want to -- I don't want to make you depress. You're happy, you're going to walk out of the room, but don't do that. Are going to experience massive double digit premium hikes. OK? And they're far greater than what you've been told.
The problem is, there may be a shark about 10 yards away. And you know what I said? "I'll take the battery every single time. We'll take electrocution over a shark." But they want to make boats all-electric, too. And it's just crazy. What they're doing is insane. In California, they have blackouts every weekend.
We will stand up to the radical left Democrats and the dangerous and unpatriotic RINOs. And we will fight for America like no one has ever fought before. And it's lucky I have a great memory because I cannot say a word on these things. You think Biden would still be up here? I don't think so. There is no mountain we cannot climb.
That's why I've become it's like become a personal passion for me when I see these people. And there's so many people. Remembrance project, there are so many people. This is a small group, a lot of people, it's a small group compared to what we're talking about. The devastation is unbelievable. So we're admitting people here with no idea of who they are and we don't know very much about them.
We had the most secure border in US history, fully rebuilt the United States military, and we created a new beautiful, beautiful thing. I just love it. Wrapped up all perfect. It's called Space Force, not since Air Force, 78 years before. Air Force, 78 years ago. We obliterated ISIS. And with the Abraham Accords, we made peace in the Middle East.
It's the same attitude of arrogance and entitlement that explains why she has never taken accountability for the disasters she created all over the world, in Libya, Syria, Iraq, Iran, all over. It's the same reason why she won't take responsibility for her central role in unleashing ISIS -- that's what happened, bad decisions.
It can end very quickly. Even Supreme Court, we picked two, Kavanaugh and Gorsuch. Two. Many presidents never pick any. They never get that great opportunity. They say it's the most important decision you can make. I would say war and peace is the most, but I would say it's second. But it's a great honor to have picked two great people.
No, no, no, you know he's going to win. Then he goes, you know, he's going to win and you know he's never leaving, don't you? He's never leaving. And at first I thought he was kidding. He's a whack job. He is totally serious. He honestly believes that and I don't know. Should we give it a shot? Maybe we should give it a shot.
He wouldn't do it. It took him forever to make the endorsement David right. It took him forever and finally because he couldn't believe it, he couldn't believe this guy won, but they said he's going to be campaigning for him. Just remember what I said, he never thought it was possible that he won and then even after he won, he couldn't do it, but he finally got it done to bring opportunity security, fairness, and prosperity to black communities, I recently announced the platinum plan, which is a big deal.
That's the only one it was working out well for. Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. She wants mass amnesty and citizenship for illegals. And worst of all, she lost -- and this is maybe the worst thing in the whole -- that nobody talks -- the fake news won't mention it. She lost more than 325,000 migrant children that are now dead in slavery or just plain missing, probably never to be seen again, never to see their parents again.
You mean, like, coming into the United States, maybe? And as God says, we have seen a plethora of Congressional scandals in our history. Yet we have never seen scandals like Omar's in Congress and nothing gets done about it. I hope, I hope that some of you people are looking because what AOC has gotten away with campaign financing, and what -- I call it AOC plus three, that's what it is and Omar is one of the three.
Yeah. Bush is only at 1% in Nevada. A couple of them are you know a 10, 11, 12 and I am at like 40 something, 48. So. So I think we're going to do well. Then we have the SCC. We're gonna have the SCC, which is gonna be, I think amazing. But it really now we're starting. New Hampshire could not have been better, they gave us a tremendous send off they really started us on a way, and we did well in Iowa, I mean, some votes were stolen from Ben Carson, which by the way was a disgrace.
I don't know how are the people behind the stage? What are they doing back there? There's thousands of people back there, but they'll say tomorrow, Mr. Trump, do a nice crowd of six or 700 people. Yes, like gotta, be how many people do we have here 2018, something but they'll say we had a thousand people, I mean they really do distort and and they are terrible people not all of them. But many of them -- and I have to say this -- I have to say this -- it's sort of doesn't matter because the one thing I found look at that look.
And every time I come up and talk about what they've done to our country, I get angrier and angrier. First time I've ever said garbage can. But you know what, it's a very accurate description. Meanwhile, she cruelly forced our border agents to help facilitate her wicked betrayal of America. And by the way, the Border Patrol, last week, gave us their complete and total endorsement, and they said she is the worst. [Applause]
People that love to work. They're workers. And I like that, and I think countries need that. And to be honest, we have something that we have to do and we have to do it fast. We have to make America great again. We have to do it. It's just not going to be able to continue onward. And we're just not going to be able to do it if we don't take this country and bring it back.
The increase of resources for federal law enforcement agencies and federal prosecutors to dismantle criminal gangs. And put violent offenders behind bars or out of our country and into the country where they came from. Restoring National Security Act which rebuilds our military, by eliminating the defense sequester, which has been very tough for our military and expanding military investment. Now, at no time, practically, do we need a military like right now.
You know, all these other guys that I'm competing against, they're all... and woman... they're all coming up. They're all coming up and they're saying... when I originally announced, I talked about illegal immigration. If I didn't bring it up... and did I take heat. If I didn't bring it up, it wouldn't even be a subject right now.
What does that mean? That means if we catch a drug dealer, death penalty, that's it. [Cheering] And they don't have a problem. Now, remember this.
In addition to his $1,000 bonus, his paychecks are bigger because he's paying less taxes. Tyler, you're up here. I'm going to give you a chance -- like, maybe 30 seconds or less -- [Laughter] -- to explain what you're going to do with all that extra money. In this case, over $1,000. [Applause]
Alexander Hamilton spoke frequently of the expediency of encouraging manufacturing in, in, in the United States. And listen to this. The first Republican President, Abraham Lincoln, warned that "The abandonment of the protective policy by the American government will produce want and ruin among our people". He understood it much better than our current politicians.
Not even close, and our country is not better off. That I can tell you. Early mail-in voting in Michigan is now underway. So, here in Detroit, early in-person voting starts tomorrow, so get the hell out and vote. You got to get out and vote. With your help, 18 days from now, we are going to win the state of Michigan.
This is a great honor for me. I've been all over the country. Today, we were in Maine and we were in New Hampshire where we're doing amazingly well. We're doing well everywhere. A poll just came out. The Rasmussen poll, we're two points up nationally. We're going to do well and I want to thank you so much for that welcome.
I don't even know what -- I don't care what it is because it doesn't matter to me. I just want to win. We got to win this election. But I'm putting up a lot of money for the general. We're raising -- and I'll tell you the beautiful thing. We're raising money at $61, I think, it averaged in June. And we only started toward the middle of the month.
Tim Sheehy, you've got to vote for him. Thank you. Tim, come on up. Come on up here.
And I said to Bibi, "You know, the world is big, and it's strong, and run, ultimately the world wins. And we don't have to worry about that now." But there was getting to be a, a period of time over the last few months. You know, the, the world wanted peace, and Israel wanted peace. Everybody did. Everybody did.
So, guys like Elon are going to come and make his great cars in the United States. There -- a lot of -- a lot of people will. A lot of people are calling. A lot of car companies are calling. They called me -- three of them. Three of the majors, they called, and they said, "We're looking all over the place.
But Hillary Clinton doesn't want to talk about any of this. She can't defend her record. She's got a horrible record. And, as Bernie Sanders said, she's got very, very bad judgment.
He kills Keystone. He approves the Russian pipeline, the biggest in the world, billions and billions of dollars a month come flowing in, but he ends the Keystone XL pipeline. And then they say Trump is too nice to Russia. I'm nice? I'm the one that gave him the hundred Javelins, a thousand of Javelins that knocked out the tanks.
It's a terrible thing what they want to do to suburbia. You're gonna have crime, you're gonna have low-income housing right next to your beautiful house. It's not good. And they said to me in a question from a fake news organization, "Why are you begging suburban women to love you?" I said, I said -- I'm really not.
Nobody was tougher on Russia. Nobody was tougher on China, and yet I got along with them. And that's a good thing, not a bad thing. But we wouldn't have had a world war, and we wouldn't have had these other wars, and we wouldn't have had the conflict. And we could very well end up in a world war. And this would be a nuclear war, a war the likes of which -- this is not two army tanks running around shooting at each other.
Carl? Carl Paladino. All right. Get him out of here. Boy, oh, boy. [Audience yells "Boo"] Where do they come from? Where do these people come from? Where do they come fr om? Where do they come from? There's nothing like a Trump rally, folks. I want to thank Carl Paladino, James [Inaudible], Bill Nojay and Bill Reilich.
In the last 10 years, our economy has grown at only around two percent a year. If you look at other countries and you look at what their GDP is, they're unhappy when it's seven, eight, nine. And I speak to them -- leaders of the countries -- how are you doing? "Not well
And our Vice President, Mike Pence, is going to Hawaii to bring back the remains and to greet the families of our great heroes who gave their lives in Korea. Our fallen warriors are finally coming home to lay at rest in American soil. [Audience Chanting]
And then there's -- person comes along. Whomp. They said, have you lifted before? No, I've never done it before, actually. Are we crazy? Are we crazy? And, you know, that's so discriminatory to women. It makes women look terrible. It makes them look bad. It's so horrible. And nobody wants to do anything about it. And I'm a competitive person.
Chris was tougher than Joe. And then I said, "Joe say the words law and order." "No." "Say the words law and order, Joe, say them." And then Chris Wallace, "He doesn't have to do that." "Oh, okay, Chris, thanks." No, I like Chris's father a lot better than I like him. Mike Wallace, the great Mike Wallace.
We're talking clean coal, beautiful clean coal. These reserves are located in Virginia, West Virginia, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, and Illinois, to name a few examples. Over 90% of U.S. coal is used for electricity. In other words, my plan will make your energy bill much less expensive, much, much cheaper. Hillary Clinton's anti-energy agenda is a massive tax on the poor.
They're trying to take over our country, and we caught 'em. They're coming for your guns, they're coming for your jobs, and they're coming for your freedom. Think about it. Your vote will stop them. On November 3rd, get out there, you gotta vote. It's the most important issue, one of the most truly important issues.
But in the history of Presidents, no President -- and I'm saying no President. Now, maybe they'll find I was off by two but we're here one year. [Laughter] No President -- well, I read it in lots of good papers, actually. [Laughter] But they'll change the story when I say it. No President has ever cut so many regulations in their entire term, okay -- [Applause] -- as we've cut in less than a year. [Applause]
Who the hell knows? You had a recall. How did that work out? Well, one of the candidates running was doing well. And then they said, "Do you think the election was rigged and stolen?" "No, I don't." That was the end of his campaign. That was the end. They walked out. That was not a good thing to say, not a smart thing to say, and it wasn't truthful.
Many of those people are from mental institutions [Audio gap] asylums. Many of them are terrorists. Many of them are terrorists. [Audio gap] coming into our country, and we're going to get them out. We're going to have to because no country can sustain this. You can't sustain this. [Audio gap] long and hard to rescue the Republican Party from the likes of Mitt Romney.
You want to make a deal. And if that deal doesn't -- You sort of just shut it off." I said, "What the hell does he want?" I'll take a squeeze out of a Boeing. Right? "Sir, we have to make a deal." I said, "It's got to have a three on the front." He goes, "We're willing to do it, sir. 3 billion, 999,999,999 and 99 cents.
So when I say I never used to say he's a stone -cold crook. He's the most grossly incompetent president, and now I say it, and I'm saying the truth because I had too much respect for the office of president, aware that its charges are bogus. Think of it. This was all bogus stuff. The prosecution has sought to proceed in secret, forcing the nation and the world to rely on biased, second-hand accounts, coming from the corrupt Biden administration and its media allies.
And because of that, I said, I'll sit back and I'll watch. And if they do a bad job -- I didn't need this, let me tell you. But if they do a bad job, I'm going to run because of how well we did. And if they do a good job -- I would actually prefer that they did a great job. If they did a great job, I would say that's a great thing.
We want them to come into our country, by the way. We want them to come in, though, through merit. We want them to come in legally. And we want them to come so they can help the farmer, just so you understand. Because I want them to be able to come in to help our farmers. And we're going to give you plenty of help.
That happened yesterday so I'm very good. [Applause] They were actually going over the numbers. He was supposed to win Missouri. So, probably, they went over the numbers. But he was supposed to win Missouri. So, probably, when I went they said, oh we want a recount, so they had a recount. You know what happened?
We'll accelerate our relentless effort to save seniors money on their premiums. Since I took office, we reduced Medicare Part D premiums by 12 percent, Medicare Advantage premiums are also down dramatically -- a 44 percent reduction in North Carolina -- [applause]. That's good. Forty-three percent lower in Pennsylvania. And a 54 percent lower price in Michigan. So that's something. [Applause] And we have them all over the country. All over the country, there are numbers just like that.
We'll make it a historic marriage." But I'll tell you one thing: If we needed his vote, he was on the line. He was ready to take off, weren't you, huh? He's been my friend. He's been our friend, and he loves you folks. Thanks, Steve. Fantastic guy. Thank you. On Tuesday, the people of Montana are going to head to the polls to elect a great, new senator to serve alongside of Steve, and to represent your state, and they will represent your state very well, the both -- the people that I'm talking about.
I want to protect our citizens -- all of our citizens.
He supported China's entry into the World Trade Organization, one of the greatest economic disasters of all time. After those Biden calamities, the United States lost one in four manufacturing jobs. We laid off workers in Michigan, Ohio, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, and many other states. They did not want to hear Biden's hollow words of empathy.
And I see some great vets back here. We are going to take care of our vets. OK? We're going to take care of our vets, fellows. We don't take care of our vets. Our vets are our great people and we don't take care of our vets. And we're going to. Our vets are treated worse in many cases than illegal immigrants.
You don't dance off the stage." I say, look, we got a year to go. Everybody loves us. I love everybody. The country is going to hell in a handbasket. Let's do a little dancing. But -- and attorney general, technically, she's probably right. But what the hell? But the swimmer is an even greater case. You have a young lady.
And you know, that one of the worst deals that anybody in history has ever entered into. We have begun formal renegotiation with Mexico and Canada on NAFTA. And I must be honest, and I've been talking about NAFTA for a long time, and I'm sorry it's taken six months, but we have to give notice.
Now while I'm beating a Senator who never votes, you know, that's a little, and a former Governor, and we're winning by a lot but they come down to North Carolina not thinking about North Carolina, and every single time they come back, they say, Mr. Trump, that's where I want to spend the rest of my life.
OK. So, who says no? Who said The Apprentice -- without -- you know, look, it's not an insult. It was a great show. It went, I mean, No. 1 a lot of times. I mean, that thing had tremendous, tremendous success. Remember that first season? It had 42 million people watching it for the finale. You remember that?
That's foreign movie. No, who is that? But on -- did this ever happened before? And then you have Brad Pitt, I was never a big fan of his. He got upset, a little wise guy's statement. [ [Audience Boos]. Little wise guy, he's a little wise guy. Anyway, but we're doing well. But here, I'll just showed this real quick, right.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
very importantly and the wheel standard if we could find as close to Justice
I hate to say it. But America soon will be greater than ever before. You watch. We got to win the election. We got to win the election. And I can't call her Harris either. You know, Harris, when I say Harris, nobody knows -- does that make sense? I say, "And when Harris," everyone says, "Who's Harris?" Nobody knows this person.
You look at what's happened in France. You look at what's happened in Germany. No. And we all have big hearts. We'll build safe havens. We'll get the gulf states to put up the money. We owe -- you know, we owe -- what do we owe, $20 trillion? We owe $20 trillion. Think of it. But I'll get the gulf states -- they have plenty of money. They have so much money they don't know what to do with it. They just have to be told nicely, right? They're going to put up the money. We'll build safe havens in Syria, but we can't have this, folks. We have enough problems. We don't need these kind of problems. A Trump administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. [Applause]
And I said, well, I hope like 12 minutes later I say, husband doing doctor, sir, he's 100 percent now. He's. Get your kids back to school. OK. Right, get them back to school. All right, so we're going to mass distribute the vaccine in just a few short weeks. It's going to be coming out very soon. And we will quickly eradicate the virus, wipe out the China plague once and for all.
Major protests. But are they going to talk about the thousands and thousands of people inside of this arena and outside of the arena, where we put screens? No.
Think of that. That's I call it peekaboo. That's peekaboo. The -- think of that. That's your state attorney general making it almost impossible with her rules and regulations to ever put a real criminal, a killer, a murderer, a drug dealer in jail. She's the worst. The state attorney general of New York. Peekaboo.
You know, there are certain rules. They want it set back, I guess, for obvious reasons, called explosions on a sidewalk. The building is set back. It's up high. It has beautiful views. Everything is perfect. And we could probably use the frame, use the structure, save a lot of money and a lot of time. So this new building would have probably never been built.
And I specifically said I want somebody from North Carolina, give me Meadows. Now I knew three years ago, I said, "We gotta get Meadows in here." Big tech, big media, big donors, and powerful special interest, are desperate for Sleepy Joe to win, they want him to win. I'll tell you who wants him to win, China.
Bob Casey could have used his vote to stop Joe Biden's invasion of this country. Instead, he voted in favor of sanctuary cities. He voted against Kate's Law. How do you vote against Kate's Law? He voted to give illegal aliens taxpayer funded benefits. He voted against the border wall. And he supports Joe Biden's bill to institute a minimum of 2 million illegal border crossers every year.
Look at the trade deficit that we have with Mexico. I'm not even talking about all the drugs that are pouring across the border. That's, you know, that's in addition to. Look at the trade deficit that we have with Mexico. It's ridiculous, OK? So these politicians come up, they say Donald, I understand the wall.
And boy, do I hear we're doing good. But I can't look. I don't want to say it because I want you to keep going. We got to finish it off. You know, it's like I see these guys in a baseball game, they're going to win, and they get nice and complacent, and then they get their ass kicked in the last inning. [Audience chants "USA"]
One day we're bombing Libya and getting rid of a dictator to foster democracy for civilians, the next day we are watching the same civilians suffer while that country falls apart.
It's one of the most heart, get a job. It's one of the most heart, get a job. It's one of the most heart wrenching questions again. And you see wrenching questions again and you see wrenching questions again and you see these students and they're borrowing these students and they're borrowing these students and they're borrowing money from an, you know, to a large extent, money from an, you know, to a large extent, money From an, you know, to a large extent from the federal government with it's from the federal government with it's from the federal government with - it's the only thing, it's just about the only - the only thing it's just about the only - the only thing it's just about the Only thing the federal government makes money thing, the federal government makes money thing.
He's serious about it. All right, well then you shouldn't listen to those words. You earned your money and you spent a lot of blood, sweat and tears in doing it, and I want you to keep it in your family. And that's what we did. Sadly, the backstabbing establishment losers and the sellouts lagging far behind us in the Republican primary, they are really far.
Other than that, how are things going? It's really not even believable what's going on, but it's going on nevertheless. Each and every one of us here tonight must do everything we can to save America. We're talking about saving, remember? We had Make America Great again. Then I said, oh, boy, now we have to do it again, because what they've done.
I believe we're in the process of putting together one of the all-time great cabinets that has ever been assembled in our nation's history. [Applause]
I said it's only because you guys are coming. You know this thing was supposed to be for this evening and they said, let me get back to Washington, do it early, so we gave you almost no notice. You have thousands of people outside. Thousands of people inside. You had to see. We're in Iowa. We were in New Hampshire.
And I've told these people, they're going to spend hundreds of billions, trillions of dollars actually. So, I need double the energy that we have right now and even more than that from what I'm understanding, which is hard to believe. In other words, take every car, every building, we need whatever it is, 100 percent of the energy, we need that amount just to be in the number one position and we need really more than that to really dominate, which I think we'll be dominating.
We will rout the fake news media. We will drain the swamp, and we'll liberate our country from these tyrants and villains once and for all. Like those patriots before us, we will not bend, we will not break, we will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never, ever, ever back down.
That was what happened. He was in the basement. He heard that we were doing really well in Pennsylvania, which we are. We're at least two or three points up. It doesn't sound like much. You know what happens with us? They'll say, "He's three points up," and then you win by, like, 10. Got a lot of hidden votes out there.
The political establishment has brought about the destruction of our factories, and our jobs, as they flee to Mexico, China and other countries all around the world. Our just-announced job numbers are anemic. Our gross domestic product, or GDP, is barely above 1 percent. And going down. Workers in the United States are making less than they were almost 20 years ago, and yet they are working harder.
President Obama and Hillary Clinton have engaged in gross dereliction of duty by surrendering the safety of the American people to open borders. President Obama and Hillary Clinton support Sanctuary Cities, they support catch-and-release on the border, they support visa overstays, they support the release of dangerous criminals from detention -- and they support unconstitutional executive amnesty.
They forget about all of this right now. They forget about all of this right now. They forget about all of this right now. She's being protected by a rig system. She's being protected by a rig system. She's being protected by a rig system. It's a totally rigged system. I've been - it's a totally rigged system.
She's very easy to beat. Haley supports a 23% national sales tax, and she wants to gut Medicare and Social Security and raise the retirement age of Social Security by 10 years. Anybody getting ready for the Social Security, would you mind? So you're ready for next year. In six months, darling, in six months I'm getting my Social Security.
Looking again, that's more Kamala, you know. Remember when they said, "This is the Harris-Biden administration," right? I never did that with Mike, and you know what Mike Pence never came to you and he said, "Do you mind if I put my name first every once in a while?" No, because -- And, by the way, he's been a great Vice President.
We need the wall. We have to stop the drugs, heroine, but mainly drugs, but we have to stop the drugs from pouring into our country. And believe me it is poisoning our country and it's poisoning our youth. And we're going to stop it and we're going to stop it fast long before the wall gets up. We're going to start that wall fast. I get them built fast. But I tell you, long before, we're going to stop that poison from flowing into our country, OK? One more. We'll do another question.
OK? I tell you what, I just got outside, we got a blizzard outside. There's no warmth. This is brutal. Somebody from New Hampshire said this is one of the worst winters, you know? But he's talking about global warming. Then he gets on a very old 747 with the old engines that spew a lot of stuff. And he takes his wife and his two really beautiful daughters and he goes in the 747 to Hawaii to play golf.
Because he'd do everything wrong. He'd raise your taxes. He'd raise the hell out of interest rates. He'd do everything wrong. The Biden shutdown will permanently destroy the lives and dreams of tens of millions of Americans, inflict totally lasting harm on our children, and lead countless deaths from suicide.
Since January of this year, we have slashed job-killing red tape all across our economy. We have stopped or eliminated more regulations in the last eight months than any President has done during an entire term. [Applause] It's not even close.
But, you know, you're not going to have that vote most likely from your senator, but it's one of those things we're going to get them in. Top at Yale, top at Yale Law School. Same thing with Justice Gorsuch, top at Harvard, number one in his class, Harvard Law School. Went to Oxford, top student. I mean, this is what we want. We want great people. We want really top-of-the-line smart people. I want people with the highest test scores. I like high test scores. Does that make sense?
So, I want to thank Elon Musk for what he's done in North Carolina, a little bit help in Georgia, too, where they had some areas that had a hard time with communication. He hooked it up to the satellites, which he feels very confident in doing. He likes satellites. You know, he likes rocket ships, satellites, and there's nobody better.
You got to -- I fixed it. I made it good, but it still stinks, OK? If we got something better, I would do it, if it was less expensive. It's too expensive, and it's not a very good form of health care. But if we got something better, I'd do it, but I never said I'm going to end it. She said, "He wants to immediately end it."
And Obama has no clue here. Honestly I don't think he has a clue. I don't think. In fact in that stupid trade bill they didn't even talk about currency devaluation. And they called me up. They want to know if I'd get support if I were to pass it. Well then number one economic power. Is devaluation. What do you say about it. Nothing.
I see him at the speech that I'm making in Detroit, and I call him over after I finish. I said, "John, let me ask you, how's that big monster doing in Mexico?" He said, "Oh, sir, they canceled it last week because they think you're going to be elected president and you're going to put tariffs, sir." How about that? How about that? Is that beautiful? They canceled it.
It's all because of horrible legislation and crazy things. And we're thinking that probably Hunter Biden got a big piece of the action too, for his father. He got it for his -- Did you see the letter where the father's supposed to get 10 percent of everything? The father's, he's, he's running for president! He is a national security risk.
We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the United States just as the price of oil reached an all time high. What other country would do such a thing? We are a nation that surrendered in Afghanistan, leaving behind dead soldiers, American citizens and $85 billion worth of the finest military equipment anywhere in the world.
If we do this, that would mean $12,000 in school choice funds for every disadvantaged student in America. What a difference this is going to make. The money will follow the student to the public, private, or religious school that is best for them and their family. In so many ways you're going to have a choice.
Thank you very much. This is really great. We love this state. We won this state. I don't know if you know what's going on outside, but that's -- Right, Lou? That's as many people as you can possibly have all the way back. How did you get in? That's my question. I know you're special friends of a group of people that have done a really good job, and I want to thank you very much for being here.
This is -- if you want to build a highway in the United States, these are some of the permits that you need. It's a process that can take way over 10 years. And it just never happens. Then at the end of the period they vote against it. And we're getting rid of many of these regulations. [Applause] You have to go through 17 agencies, many permits in each agency.
Boy, I celebrate there all night for about 10 minutes and then I went back to work. But this really is the defining issue of 2020. When it comes to immigration, democrats no longer represent American citizens. They -- where are they coming from? A vote for Democrats is a vote for totally open borders. It all equals a massive cost. It equals massive crime. It equals things that nobody can believe.
I don't believe in these deals. They're so bad. We have to make great deals. We have a lot of time. You know, I told the story a couple of times you so honored by it actually. I wish you did hear it. But a friend of mine is dying, he's dying, very sick. He's the toughest guy and he's always been like the toughest guy, successful.
You had Jamiel in California who I -- I think his father's one of the greatest people. I got to know his father over this. And Jamiel Shaw he was a young man getting ready to go to college, a good football player, a good student and he was killed shot in the face three or four times by an illegal immigrant.
The sanctuary city of Philadelphia, a sanctuary city in Philadelphia, is one of the very worst sanctuaries anywhere in America. Did you know that? I mean, I know Philadelphia well going to school here we never heard about sanctuary cities, did we? Weeks ago, an illegal alien charged with rape, sexual assault of a child and inflicting serious bodily injury was released by Philadelphia to wander free in your communities.
I don't think you could find the one. So there are barriers so I said, "Come on, let's go." And then he said, "No." I said, "Listen." And I said this to numerous countries, I mean, in all fairness, I don't want to single out anybody, but I said it. "Listen, here's what we're going to" -- it's all about the cars. It's all about the cars, tremendously big industry. We're going to put a 25% tax on every car that comes from the European Union into the United States and that'll take our loss and trade deficit of $151 billion and it'll give us a surplus of $151 billion. That's a fairly dramatic swing and that'll take one little signature, Donald J.
If I put Carl or some of the other great names, you know, some of them. But and frankly, some of them are better than all of them and nobody I know -- I know so many people. We have, we have the greatest negotiators in the world. We don't use them. We use political hacks to make deals with China, to make deals with Japan.
We kept them out. We didn't have -- not one instance. I didn't want to say it during the four years, because I didn't want to walk out of this speech and have something happen, right? I'll also be implementing strong ideological screenings for all immigrants coming in. If you hate America, if you want to abolish Israel, if you sympathize with jihadists, then we don't want you in our country, and you're not going to be getting into our country.
But we're going to make it bigger and better and stronger than ever before. And we are going to make America great again. And I love you all. Thank you. I love you. Thank you all.
That generally doesn't work out too well. Political geniuses -- when you have to restart your campaign, history has said that that does not work out well, right? History has said that that's trouble. But he's going to restart his campaign. But I'm looking at it -- I don't know what the hell happened to Biden.
We are going to have a military that's so strong and so powerful that nobody is going to mess with us. Believe me, OK? Nobody. And I have to add and I think you would agree. You know, it's very costly but that's cheaper than what we're doing now.
So I said, "Do it." People came to me, they said, "We just can't afford to redo this." Remember we had that conversation? And we worked it out. So I'm very honored to have done it. Every promise I made to Iowa as a candidate, I fulfilled as your president. Nobody's ever done this. I made that promise to defend ethanol, and sometimes we really had to go to the wall on that one.
Thank you. Thank you, David, very much. Great guy. He's a fighter, that guy. I used to fight against him. It wasn't pleasant. We decided let's get together, and a man that nobody's ever heard of because he's very shy on television, hates putting out television commercials. He's the greatest buyer of television ads in history, Mike Lindell.
We have more than anybody else. And we have, literally, we have more. Think of it. We have more than Saudi Arabia. We have more than anybody else, especially when you add ANWR in Alaska, which we will reinstitute immediately. We're going to use it along with growth. We are going to grow, grow, grow, to start paying down our debt.
Did you -- today! I was watching her interview, and every time -- every third sentence, like, we love Trump. We love border security. The president's right about border security. I said, what happened to her? Look, the fact is, she wants to get elected, and then she's always going to vote against us, folks.
Then we win the election. It's like, they're all in shock. Well, what took place? Well, he did very well with women. What the hell was that all about? Right. Did very well. Women were great. Hey, We were way above everything. African-American, we did great. Hispanic, we did great. Have you seen African-American and Hispanic-American numbers?
When everybody said, "Oh, he's just doing this for fun. He doesn't really mean it." Man, if I don't mean it, I hope you're telling me soon, because it's a lot of work. [Laughter]
We achieved record-low unemployment rates, record-low poverty rates, and rising wages for everybody. Everybody in this room, your wages increased, your money increased, your businesses increased. Whatever you do, everything was better for four years. We unlocked American energy independence and soon would have been energy dominant.
As everybody in this room knows our country is in serious, serious trouble, whether it's OPEC. The OPEC nations or China or virtually anybody that we do business with throughout the world. They take advantage of us. They laugh at us. They can't believe their good fortunes. I deal with these people and they can't believe what they're getting away with.
you not that's false and that's been proven and I could go all h2 page after
We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you. God bless you. God bless you. Thank you.
Joe Biden has spent his entire career on the wrong side of history. He supported NAFTA, China's entry, he's done so many things. This man, if you look at what he's done, we went into a deal the Korea -- do you know about the Korea deal? Hillary Clinton's deal along with Biden, they promised 250,000 jobs, right? 250,000 jobs and they were right, except all those jobs went to South Korea.
We will rebuild our military and our country. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we together will make America great again. Thank you very much, everybody. God bless you. Thank you, thank you. [Applause]
But Ukraine, now, I see Zelenskyy is here. I think Zelenskyy is the greatest salesman in history. Every time he comes into the country, he walks away with $60 billion, billion. He walks in with $60 billion. He wants them to win this election so badly. But I would do differently. I will work out peace before I'm even -- before -- as president-elect, if I win this election, the first thing I'm going to do is call up Zelenskyy and call up President Putin.
The second part of our initiative is to reduce the supply of illicit drugs. Ninety percent of the heroin in America comes from our southern border, where, eventually, the Democrats will agree with us and we'll build the wall to keep the damn drugs out. [Applause, Audience Chants Build that wall]
We are fighting the opioid epidemic, and we are proudly supporting the men and women of law enforcement, including our wonderful ICE officers and Border Patrol Agents. These are incredible people who endorsed me during the campaign, and they are incredible. [Applause] They're doing a great job at the border, by the way.
You know, criminals use young people. They actually -- they actually hire young people, pay them some money. Not a lot, because if they get caught, nothing's going to happen to them. That will end. I will end the scourge of homelessness taking over our cities and suburbs. I just drove through Washington, DC, coming here for the first time in quite a while, and the roads and highways were littered with trash like I've never seen before.
And don't believe them when they say they disabled the equipment. They didn't. You see a couple of helicopters. They didn't disable. They got killed for leaving the equipment. And so they disabled a couple of little old helicopters. That equipment is brand new, right out of a box, including the night goggles, which are better than the goggles we have.
They're not there. I'll tell you what, I've been there. I haven't seen one federal official. I haven't seen one FEMA person. And I'd ask the people that were devastated, and I'll tell you the great -- the most incredible thing. So, I didn't want to say it. You always think it, but you don't want to say it.
Like when you guys put somebody in the car and you're protecting their head, you know, the way you put their hand over? Like, don't hit their head and they've just killed somebody -- don't hit their head. I said, you can take the hand away, okay? [Applause, Laughter]
Twenty students and teachers had to immediately seek major medical attention. Think of that. One of the students from that school joins us today -- Ryan Zink. Ryan? Where are you, Ryan? Get over here, Ryan. Come on up here. Come on. Come up here, Ryan. Say a few words.
We don't want to put up the money. We owe almost $20 trillion, double since Obama took office, our national debt. [Audience yells "Boo"] But we will get the money from Gulf states and others. We'll supervise it. We'll build safe zones which is something that I think all of us want to see. Another reform involves new screening tests for all applicants that include, and this is so important, especially if you get the right people.
We did so many incredible things. The tax cuts, the regulation. We had great people, but we had some people that I wouldn't have chosen if given a second shot. We had weak people, we had stupid people. We had people that had no leadership ability. We had some very bad people. We had some very great people that I'd used again in a heartbeat.
She was an original creator of defund the police movement [Audience boos] just so you know. She's been there for 15 years. If you're there for one week, you cannot vote for her for president, OK? Anybody that wants, even had a thought, of defunding our great police law enforcement can no longer serve or even be thought of to be president.
And we're getting relationships that we lost that were very important for us in many ways. And so, I want to thank Marco. And Marco's on the board. Attorney General Pam Bondi, who I've known so long and she's she's married to the best-looking guy in the room, I must [Laughter] admit. But she's been amazing.
If I get elected, it's totally protected. Totally protected.
It's hard to get even a bad deal terminated. But we did do it. And we got US -- USMCA and that's -- that's been really great, but when they cheat, it's not so good. And they cheat, they do cheat. You know, I respect Mexico, I respect Canada, but they cheat like hell. You know, Canada charges for our dairy products 270 percent.
Here is my 10 step plan to ensure quality, timely care for every
There's no third reason. They're either stupid or they're corrupt. I just stopped the largest plant in the entire world, which would destroy your state. I think this plant made more than all of Detroit put together. You know it's a big -- and I just stopped it, and I'm not even president yet, OK? Think of what I could do when I'm president.
When you go to Ohio, when you go to Wisconsin, when you go to North Carolina, when you go to a lot of states, they have the Trump-Pence sign on every lawn. It's all over the place, right? It's all over. [Audience member shouts "Indiana wants you."] Indiana too. Indiana is great. Bobby Knight. We love Bobby Knight too.
They want to go out, they want to move to another country and because our politicians are so dumb, they want to sell their product to us and not have any retribution, not have any consequences.
The Constitution doesn't allow me to send them back to the States. Well, I say, yes, it does because the Constitution says you have to protect our country and you have to protect our Constitution, and you can't vote on fraud. And fraud breaks up everything, doesn't it? When you catch somebody in a fraud, you're allowed to go by very different rules.
Then the pressure goes on and they don't do it. And I see why, I don't blame them. Every leader called me, "Don't do it, please. Don't do it, don't do it." You know the story I refused to take their phone calls.
They went crazy. No, they went crazy. How's he going to do in Georgia? Well, I think Georgia is going to be very close. It's going to be very close. They go, uh, the polls in Georgia have closed. Donald Trump wins the state of Georgia. You know why? 'Cause we won by so much. If they can do it simultaneously by saying the polls slows that he won, we had many of them, right?
You know, they have to ask us, right? I said, "You gotta let in the National Guard." Well, a week a half later they let the National Guard in, and we stopped in what would you say? 22 minutes. Like, remember? Wasn't that beautiful. I mean, look, sometimes -- It's a week a half they're burning down Minneapolis, burning it down, and CNN's covering it, that reporter, he got hit on the knee with a canister of tear gas [Inaudible]. He said, "I'm down.
They want -- they're in detention. They want to have the operation. And she -- and by the way, aside from all the other problems, it's a very big and expensive operation. And then, of course, you saw that yesterday, she lied about working at McDonald's. That's a pretty bad -- and on top of everything else, Kamala wants to turn our military woke watch this.
And now she wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees to pour into our country. And she doesn't even say the words, radical Islamic terrorism. Nor does President Obama. Her policies gave us the disastrous deal with Iran. One of the worst deals, one of the dumbest deals I've ever seen of any kind. At home, look at how she failed Upstate New York.
He was on every show. He came in second in one primary. We came in first in 50 primaries. We then had a great election that we won. We then had another great election that we did a hell of a lot better in. Bad things happened. We're not going to let that happen. COVID, they used COVID to cheat, but we then had an election.
That will change when we win the presidency. That will change. That will change. It has to change. It has to change. From now on, it's going to be America first -- America first. And just in summing up, to all Americans I say, it is time for change. It is time for leadership. Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days of a Trump administration.
And now it's really at a higher level than it ever was and when you see, I don't know if you will be able to see, but if you do you should try and get to see the suites because they are two of the most beautiful suites you'll ever see. And you know when the water's rough, today it's very calm. In fact, I've almost never seen it like this but sometimes, you know, waves add a little impression unto this piece of land that was standing and one of the most beautiful sights you'll ever see.
There are people outside. I hate to say this maybe thousands, right? Outside and I was just doing a lot of selfies, a woman said I've been here, Mr. Trump in the rain for four hours, could I have a selfie and my people said, no, no, no, I said, absolutely you can. So I'm soaking wet now from standing in the rain, but that's okay, right.
And Germany. Who has a Mercedes? Half the people in the room [Inaudible]. But look... [Laughter]
Thank you, Leo. Thank you. Thank you, my man. That was a miracle. Anyway. OK. That's very nice. Thank you. But so he said, Bobby Knight. So I said, I put his name down and I wrote it down, it's in one of these stacks, let me -- I lift it up, it would have to be 2,000 or 3,000 pages in each stack. I lifted it up, the first one, had no idea.
So $2 billion just in those small -- just in that small little grouping where you were doing nothing. It's called promises made, promises kept. Promises made. It's true. You know the last time I came -- I never did this before. I never ran, so, they all said you never ran before. You can't do this. You never ran, so, whatever happened, it happened, one by one.
And the Republican Party has really become the party of inclusion, and that's something very nice about that. And we're a big, powerful party, and they're losing it. They're really losing it. Together, we will lift America to glory beyond your wildest dreams. It's going to happen fast, too. So in conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America.
That's great. Thank you, fellas. Thank you very much. And thank you, Hilary, for that tremendous commitment that you've made. We really appreciate it. Fantastic job. Under this administration, we live by two very simple words: Buy American. That's what we want. I'm going to add something: "Hire American." It's about hiring American, buying American.
I think we've never had more danger in our country than we have right now. We have a serious danger of going into a World War III, and we think the election's going to be close. It's 10 months, a little more than 10 months. That's a long time. These guys can screw things up very, very rapidly, and you see it starting already.
And, frankly, $2.5 trillion is a lot, but it's not a lot when you think of the importance of the military. You know, they say the most important thing that a President does is the court system, and in particular, Supreme Court judges. So I've named 218 new federal judges. Can you believe it?  And that's a record.
And likewise the e-mails show that the Clinton machine is so closely and irrevocably tied to the media organizations that she -- that she -- listen to this -- is given the questions and answers in advance of her debate performance with Bernie Sanders. [Booing]
We'll, once again, build the greatest economy in history. We had it. We had to let it go to save millions of lives, and now we're building it again. We'll fully restore America's manufacturing independence, bring home our critical supply chains, and permanently end our reliance on China.
It's something that they're talking about all over the world. I've been on the cover of Time magazine numerous times this year all because of the move -- Not me. It's because of the movement and what's going to happen is going to be so special. We have to come together. We have to pick our nominee. We have to go out and do what we have to do. And I'm telling you, you are going to have an unbelievably good result in November.
Let's see what happens. But we will no longer be the foolish people. We will no longer be the stupid people that get taken care of so badly by our politicians because they don't know what they're doing. [Applause] We will always work with our friends and partners, but we will never again sacrifice Ohio jobs or jobs from any state in our union to enrich other countries which has been what is happening to this country. [Audience chants USA]
I said, Wait a minute. When you pass the tax reform act of whatever year, nobody knows it's tax cuts. Well, I think they do. Great, let's give everybody an education. We're going to give 350 million people an education. You got to call it the Tax Cut Act. The Tax Cut Act.
Do you ever hear that? You probably never heard that from anybody else. Nobody talks about the 38 people so badly hit, legs gone, arms gone, faces just so sad. I visited many of them, and Walter Reed, by the way, one of the greatest hospitals in the world. Those doctors are incredible. What they do is incredible.
Oh, John King, with that beautiful red map. His hand was shaking toward the end... I love the way he uses that map. He's good at it. And then it was Michigan. Remember they wouldn't call Pennsylvania? There was one percent of the -- vote to go in Pennsylvania. It was like 11 o'clock. One percent of the vote to go, they wouldn't call it. And if I lost even one of the votes, I won by a lot. They wouldn't call it.
All of their persecution is only happening because I am running for president and leading in every single poll. The rig case in New York was not a legitimate indictment. It was a Biden indictment. He's the one that did it. This wasn't legitimate. Every single legal scholar, every one of them, you know them, I've repeated their names a hundred times, but every one of them said there's no case.
And I want to thank our farmers, our farmers are true patriots. Because China and others have targeted -- China and others, remember this, have targeted our farmers. [Booing] Not good, not nice. And you know what our farmers are saying? It's OK, we can take it. These are incredible people, we can take it.
They're dishonest people. They're very, very dishonest but not all of them but I would say most of them are noble. You have heard -- you heard the coach, you mentioned it too. I guess he's got his difficulties with them also. Now they're very dishonest. I will be a champion for all Americans against this unfair and corrupt system.
You heard about this one, right? If that ever passed, I'm gone. That's dumb. But the things that are happening are so crazy. And you know, you talk about political rigor, you probably heard about the little debate we had just recently. If I were politically correct during that debate, I would have gotten clobbered.
And then you watch the news, will this endorsement mean anything? Let me tell you, it's going to mean a lot. And I mean a lot. And I don't care, I just wanna, we have to get senators in. We've got really no majority. We have -- if you really look at it, probably we could say 49-49, 51-49. We have some people that aren't able to vote. We have some people that are a little unreliable. They don't exactly like what I've done to their career.
As soon as I mentioned that, boom, they went up like rocket ships and they won their elections. And it was great, great thing. These sanctuary cities are a disaster. And let me tell you, the people of California, they don't like sanctuary cities either. They're stuck with them because they have crazy politicians.
Columbia paid US $200 million essentially in fines and penalties. But many more settlements are soon to follow. And they're going to be behaving because they understand we're coming back. They would not let you have your voice. They wouldn't let the people in this room, any of them, have the voice because that's not the voice they wanted to hear from.
That's enough." It's crazy. It's so demeaning to women. How about the weight lifting? Hundreds of pounds more, hundreds. Records that haven't been broken in 18 years. One-eighth of an ounce here, one-eighth of an ounce, and they can't do it. You could do it. They can't do it. And a guy comes out -- excuse me, a transitioned person.
They couldn't even report this because I was defending because you're not allowed to use the word fat. You can use any word you can. You cannot call somebody fat. That's not allowed anymore. You lose your job. You lose your life. With our victory, we are going to become, and quickly, the greatest, strongest, freest, safest, and most powerful nation the world has ever seen.
That's not good. Good luck in the negotiation. In Minnesota, where the premium increase, will be close to 60%. The Democratic governor has said, "The Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable." Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare making it even more expensive. In fact, much more expensive.
During the pandemic, we produced three vaccines in record time. And remember, three to five years, they said. And they said, but it probably won't happen. I got it done in less than nine months. What a difference. What a difference. And you have to have your freedom as to taking it and all of that. But what a difference.
Who would have ever thought that a president or a future president would ever have to stand here and say such things? Who would think that that's even possible to have to do? So, many things are changed in the last four years, but that's the state of our country now after Kamala and Joe Biden have just absolutely destroyed our country.
North Carolina, all over the place, those people. Nobody even showed up. You know why? They spent all their money on illegal migrants. They don't have any money in FEMA. Kamala Harris is a train wreck who has destroyed everything in her path. And by the way, October 7th in Israel would not have happened either.
Our great farmers have been so incredible because they've been targeted by China. And frankly, they've been targeted for a long time, including by incompetent politicians that have run this country for a long time. So we're making up for a lot of lost ground. But do we give up make America great again for keep America great, keep America great.
But how about that deal? And if you look. Iran was a country that was in deep trouble. They were doing badly and then we took the sanctions off. We should have never taken the sanctions off before we finished the deal. We took the sanctions off before you know why they're great negotiators they said we will not negotiate unless you take the sanctions off and our guys said, "OK that's what they said." And when they said that, why didn't we say, "We want our prisoners back" OK, because our prisoners were there for years after that saga.
He rejected the Keystone Excel pipeline despite the fact that it would have created 42,000 jobs. His own State Department concluded that it would be the safest pipeline ever built in the United States, and it would have no significant impact on the environment. Yet, even as he rejected this, and this is really something because we have that great relationship with Canada.
We eliminated the world's top terrorist. Soleimani is dead. I recognized the capital Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. They've been working on that for 52 years. And instead of endless wars, we are now forging peace in the Middle East and we're getting it done.
At our debate, Biden could not name a single law enforcement organization that supports him, not one. And that's because and, by the way, did Vice President Mike Pence do a great job, right? He did a great job. But it's because Biden and Harris, that's another great one. There was nobody so mean to Biden than her, nobody.
You know, you work so hard. You love your country so much and they get up and say things. She compared it to 9/11, a slander upon our nation. She wants open borders. She supports the impeachment hoax witch hunt like nobody. Yeah, she wants to get rid of me. She wasn't too happy with me last year. We came in Andy and we did a job on her, and this is going to be easy, and she was caught telling donors, Democrats that she is further left than anyone in the history of the state of Kentucky.
That's what women want, and we're doing great with everybody now. We're doing great with everybody. And yesterday's Morning Consult poll, I'm 46 points -- not 46 points, but 46 points up. Most people would be very happy to have 46. No, I'm 46 up in the primary and beating Biden in the general election while DeSantis is losing.
It is only votes that she sees. And she does nothing about it. She's been there forever, and look at where you are.
Talk about RINOs. He's all talk and no action and you'll see what can happen when Kari Lake becomes your governor. It'll be like day and night. Day and night. Audience Kari, Kari, Kari. It'll be like day and night, it will, and she'll get it done quickly. She knows what has to be done and she's tough and smart and a very good person.
You know, her husband said she was going to lose. Her husband's a professional. Her husband said, "You know, you better go to Michigan." Because I was there, and they had Trump-Pence sign on every lawn I've ever seen. "And you better go to Wisconsin, Hillary. You better go to Wisconsin." She said, "No, we haven't lost in Wisconsin in 36 years." "No, no. Hillary, you got to go there.
Thank you, Tim. But I'm especially proud to introduce the next person who has really become (inaudible). And he's just -- he is a bundle of energy. He doesn't stop. You know, he's tied right now. They're tied in the polls, it's very close. It's very close. And I have to say, I like Joe. The problem is I'm just not going to get Joe's vote.
And we must hold all schools equally accountable for their performance. I will make sure that students have the information they need about all of their options before starting school, and for repaying their student loans upon leaving school. There is a lot of room for improvement in this regard. Currently, students navigate 16 complex repayment plans, 8 forgiveness programs, and 32 deferment and forbearance options -- each of these programs has their own nuances and qualifications.
It's a disgrace what's happening to our country. The survival of America depends upon our ability to elect Republicans at every level, starting with the midterms next year, we have to get it done. We have to get it done. We have no choice, actually. We have to get it done. Together, we're going to defund our freedoms.
They actually said -- and I shouldn't say this because they'll bring it up, but we have the greatest base in the history of politics. That's my opinion, OK. You're the smartest. They don't like to say that about you. Hey, I went to great colleges. You went to great schools or colleges, you people are successful as hell.
We don't want a truck. We want a tiny little car, as little as it can be. Long before Ukraine, Biden sent gas prices soaring with the fringe left wing energy policies inspired by the socialist joke known as the Green New Deal, windmills, windmills. We want windmills all over the place. I don't see any windmills here.
I mean, I know these guys so well. Half of them I know. And some, I like. Some, I don't know. Some are good guys. Some are horrible guys. But I know them sort of almost all. And I'm looking at the room I say, wow, that's all the fat cats. That's all the bosses out there. That's the bosses of the politicians.
Please use it, just use it. We love you, sir. He's an unbelievable patriot, an unbelievable Republican. But you know what? That's less important, he loves our country. Al and Betty, we have to say, Hagen. Where's Al Hagan? Where is Al? Al Hagan. Great. Thank you, Al. A great property. Nice property, Al.
It's just unbelievable what's happened to that state. So sad, best weather, beautiful ocean. Everything is good, but they've just let it go to hell, and she's going to do the same thing to the United States. And when she says, "I'll let you frack" -- her whole career, she said no fracking, Pennsylvania in particular, no, because they get tremendous wealth from fracking.
Job killing Obamacare is just one more way the system is rigged. Remember the name Jonathan Gruber, the architect of Obamacare? [Booing]
You are the ones who are restoring our strength. You are the ones renewing our spirit. And you are the ones who are making America greater than it has ever been before. And it's not even close. And congratulations to all of you, our great energy people, for what you've been able to accomplish, especially in the last three years. Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America.
Her timetable -- and it's -- you know, this is so true. Her timetable and withdrawal from Iraq, her push for regime change in Libya and Syria, her open border policies -- these are the actions that unleashed the ISIS disaster.
There's never been anything like it. Unemployment for everybody, for every group. Everybody was the best it's ever been. We're up to 160 million people now. We were never even close to a number like that. And then we had this horrible thing come in from China, and we got that one right, too. By the way, do you notice you see what's going on over the last?
We are these people. We are being led by fools. We are being led by stupid, stupid representatives, and we cannot allow it to continue. We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the United States just as the price of oil reached an all-time high. What other countries would do such a foolish and self-destructive thing?
And, uh, we took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. I then gave $28 billion, as I said, to the farmer and in my next term, I will pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. You know what that is? [Audience responds affirmatively]
They're Social Security for years now. They're Social Security for years now they're coming up to you. It's getting to be that coming up to you. It's getting to be that coming up to you. It's getting to be that time me. I don't want this Social time me. I don't want this Social time me. I don't want this Social Security, okay, but it's getting to be Security, okay, but it's getting to be Security, okay.
Her comments are not only reckless, but beneath the dignity of the office that she seeks. ISIS is torturing, murdering, executing and exterminating people in a campaign of genocide. And what is Hillary Clinton suggesting? What is she suggesting?
Come back in four years, we're going to take you to court." So far, nobody's ever shown up. I mean, literally, they almost don't show up, and turn our -- That's when I had the big debate with Biden. "They come back for court." I said, "No, they don't." I turned out to be right. Did they apologize? I don't think so.
You kill our people, we're going to hit you so hard. You can't do it, Abdul." And you know what? And actually Biden acknowledged this. I didn't think he realized it, to be honest. I was very impressed, but 18 months, not one American soldier was killed. And then they did a surrender. Then the United States did a surrender, leaving all of that equipment, leaving many American citizens behind.
We said, no thank you. You can keep them. We're not letting them in. He has now officially ended the travel ban. It's a disgrace. He's doing nothing to hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable for unleashing the virus upon the world. Biden did not even say the word China in his UN speech because he's too compromised to take them on, and he only briefly mentioned Afghanistan because his withdrawal has been such a disaster for him and our country, and by the way, for his poll numbers, which have tanked.
It's a bad thing. And we gave you the largest tax decrease in history, the largest tax cut in history. And we were going to do something. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation, more than Saudi Arabia, more than Russia. We were going to drill, baby, drill, and we were going to sell the oil to Europe and Asia and all over the place.
Thank you. And we won more Hispanic American votes than any Republican ever, has never won any, not even close. Look at that, Hispanic American. We made historic strides with youth, men, women, urban, suburban and rural voters. And in a political earthquake, yeah, sit down and just enjoy it. What the hell?
There was no way you could hold paper. There was no way you could do, you were just -- And my guys set it up where the wind was right smack in my face. And I was looking at that flag from the play, and I said, "Oh, no. Here we go again." But actually, the flag must be a very high quality silk, because it's not that windy.
Joe Biden's order is pro invasion, pro child trafficking, pro women trafficking, pro human trafficking, pro drug dealers. And in all, its really they bring death, and they bring destruction into our country. It's really pro illegal immigration. It's great for illegal immigration. It doesn't do anything. It makes it worse than what you have right now.
And many, many people are now alive and well because of right to try. And they didn't have to go to Asia. They didn't have to go to Europe, all over the world, or go home if they had no money and die. Right to try. They've been trying to get it for 56 years, and we got it done passed. Actually, we got it passed.
Instead, they order them to be released into your community. What the hell is going on? [Audience Boos] What is going on? And once set loose, these criminal aliens are free to continue their crime spree against innocent Americans. Right here in New Jersey, your state's Democrat leaders have instituted sanctuary policies that result in dangerous predators being set free into your community.
So, will you be rebuilding? Will you be rebuilding?
So let us resolve that, together, we will support, cherish and care for our fellow citizens through every step and every challenge on their road to recovery. We will reach out to anyone who is hurting or lost or struggling, because every American deserves to know the glory of hope, the joy of belonging, and the blessings of healing.
They're probably the only two things that aren't going to change in life. But it is true, when you think of it.  So we have 128. We're building it rapidly, and it's exactly what Border Patrol wanted. They did tests on every form of wall you can have. And it's an expensive wall in terms of -- expensive -- very expensive per square foot.
So I built it. I built a great company and it's got some of the great assets in the world. You know, Miami Beach, Doral Country Club, and so many other, Turnberry in Scotland on the ocean, 800 acres on the ocean. And all of these companies is a great, great buildings, they're great jobs, and I have many other businesses.
We're going to go. And soon, you won't need protection because, soon, you're going to have a great country again. It's true. You won't need protection. The country will protect you. But think of it. I say this to -- I got indicted more than Al Capone, the great Al Capone. Can you imagine? Al Capone, Scarface, the meanest man you've ever met, I have him beat.
And Brad Zaun. You know, Brad, he endorsed me. Brad endorsed me before I ran. He said, "There's a guy in New York that we have to get to run." Brad was the first endorsement, I believe, in the country, wherever you are. And your mother-in-law's here, much more importantly. Where's your mother-in-law? Stand up, mother-in-law.
Then I do. Whatever, even as a developer, then I do whatever, even as a developer, then I do the apprentice, that was a huge hit by the apprentice. That was a huge hit by the apprentice. That was a huge hit. By the way, they wanted to extend me. They - the way they wanted to extend me, they the way they wanted to extend me.
Already, to improve care for Americans with kidney disease, we enabled patients to receive at-home dialysis, and we're investing in the creation of an artificial kidney. We're getting very close. And we introduced critical incentives to make more kidneys available for transplant, a change that will save tens of thousands of lives. What people have to go through with kidney disease is incredible. It's incredible.
I don't know how it holds up his head, which is oversized. I don't know how it holds it up. It's like a miracle. It's an engineering marvel, Adam Shifty Schiff. But after dealing with Pelosi, who's crazy, by the way. She's nuts. After dealing with all of these people that I had to deal with, with the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, every hoax that you can imagine, I say -- I called up the people that I said I think business is the worst because that was very early.
And we will fight for the right of every American child to grow up in a safe neighborhood, attend a great school, and to graduate with access to a high-paying job that they love doing. [Applause]
We have a feisty crowd today, Marco. We have a feisty -- this is our feisty group of people. That's what we want. That's what we want. Biden and the far-left lunatics are waging war on your jobs, your safety, your values, and your freedom. They're strangling Florida families. They're hitting Florida very hard with soaring prices and devastating, what they're doing to tourism.
There are a lot of amazing people right out here too, a lot of our friends. Tough cookies, I'm not going to be playing with them, I'm telling you, I'm not going to do that. I saw somebody back stage big, strong, powerful. I said to the guys, you think I could take this guy in a fight; you think I could take him? They all said no, I said, I agree.
Under a program, Kamala set up an illegal alien arrested on drug charges in 2008, was set free to enjoy job training. A short time later, that same illegal alien attacked a 29-year-old beautiful young woman, Amanda Kiefer, stealing her purse and fracturing Amanda's skull. It was vicious and horrible. And Amanda is here with us, and I'd love to have Amanda come up and say a few words.
It's horrible. After years of suffering, two of the nations most ravaged by terror are finally beginning to end their long nightmares under the new generation of leaders in Lebanon, where a friend of mine has just become the ambassador. He's going to be great. I said, that could be a very dangerous job. He said, I was born there, I'm Lebanese, I love that country.
But he's been -- he's been a supporter from day one. And I said, "You know, I want you to be my ad buyer." Because I guarantee you, he makes great deals. So, I haven't asked him yet. Will you be my ad buyer, please, Mike?
We're gonna do it in Washington. We're gonna have a tremendous crowd come out. And this Iran PAC, as you talk about incompetent, I mean this is one of the all-time, one of the all-time. But it's like I really was hitting Bush hard. I actually felt sorry for him because he's such a nice person you know. And yesterday, he upped his energy and I've called him a low-energy individual.
That's what they're doing. They want to weaponize law enforcement to interfere with our elections through the use of the DOJ and the FBI, attorney generals, and local district attorneys who actually -- they actually -- you know, the district attorney we have in New York, he's reporting into Washington. They sent one of the top guys from Washington to help him run his office.
Kelly. Thank you. Thank you very much. Great job. Ryan Anderson. Ryan, thank you. Congratulations. Carrie Bowler and Allison Ho. Carey? Two great people. And we're also joined by the chairman of the Faith and Freedom Coalition, Ralph Reed. Where's Ralph? Ralph? You helped so much. You know, Ralph, I think, hit more doorbells than anybody else I know. [Laughter] Millions and millions.
How much would you agree to? I said I'll give you $110 million. They said we can't do that, we can't. Anyway, after about four minutes we agreed to take $20 million off. I paid one hundred -- I got for four minutes work I saved $20 million. Is that good? And honestly, it's not the story. That's the way we should be doing it with our country, right?
We want to make it easier for loving families to pass on their life's work to their children. Be nice. Be very nice, right? [Applause]
I'm not getting tens of millions of dollars, hundreds of millions of dollars. And you know, it's very unnatural. No, no, it's very unnatural for me. You know in many ways, I feel foolish because people come up, they want to give you lots of money. Lobbyists, special interest, donors, they want it and I keep turning them down.
They're incredible people. And they were told in that area which you'd call a local. But there are hundreds or actually thousands of border patrol guys and women tremendous people like the people I just met outside some of the law enforcement people the sheriff some of these people are great. I'm not going to mess with them it's true.
We want to have a strong country, right? We want to have -- Pastor, stand up. And what a good guy this is. You have been so great to me. And a pastor and a great guy. He has been so great to me. I appreciate it, Pastor. Thank you. Thank you. But you know, if you think about it, and you have some that can never be satisfied no matter what.
We will not answer to donors or lobbyists, or special interests, but we will serve the citizens of the United States of America, believe me. [Applause]
It also provides our great veterans with the ability to receive public V.A. treatment or attend a private doctor of their choice. If they are waiting in line and I have the plan up. And we've gotten, as you know, tremendous support from veterans, from law enforcement, from veterans, from the military, tremendous support.
Peace through strength. For four straight years, I kept America safe. I kept Israel safe. I kept Ukraine safe. There was no talk of this, and I kept the entire world safe. A great gentleman, Viktor Orban, Hungary, he's the leader. He's the boss. He's everything you want to call him. He's a tough guy. He's tough.
You can cut that garage door with the scissors. Flimsy is the word. You can pick up scissors and just go like this. Those are the ones you're buying for $139, right? The whole door, not including the motor. On top of it all, Biden aides deleted incriminating evidence after the appointment of the special counsel.
But we told and found this old act and the old act said if you rip down a monument or a statue, you get ten years in prison. They call it prison, not jail, which sounds even worse. I said bring that sucker up immediately to the Oval Office because there are a lot of people coming to Washington. They were going to march on the Jefferson Memorial.
Maybe that comes with being the President. I don't know. They have been apologizing left and right. They took this fraudster from ABC. They suspended him for a month. They should have fired him for what he wrote. [Applause]
Who are these people who would ruin our country? We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the United States just as the price of oil reached an all-time high. What other country would do such a foolish and self-destructive thing? Can we be energy independent and even dominant again? "Yes, oh, yes," says President Trump.
Ambassador Nikki Haley. We've reduced the United Nations spending by $1.3 billion saving U.S. taxpayers $350 million. Just came out, but nobody wants to ride it.
They don't go back that far. It's the best -- and that includes police officers, firemen, everything else. There's a great spirit in the United States right now. A brand-new poll from Rasmussen just showed that the number of Americans who believe the nation is on the right track. They have a right track, wrong track, is now the highest in over 20 years.
We have an incredible lead in the state of Ohio. We have a great lead in Pennsylvania, in North Carolina, in South Carolina. I mean, we have leads. Now, you always have to be very careful because you have, on occasion, seen leads disappear, but we're not going to let that happen. Because we have the far better ideas, the far better platform, and I know many of the people in this room, we have the far better and more talented people.
These are criminals, and say it any way you want to [Inaudible]. But we took the brunt, then we caught them spying on my campaign and trying to overthrow a duly elected President of the United States. So I go -- And that was before I even knew. I mean, that was while I was, while I was running. I didn't even know.
More than that this last week. It's a shame. Should have never happened, but it did happen. And we won the race, and I took over this horrible war that's been raging and I thought it would be, uh, easily settled. I thought it was a hell of a lot easier than doing what we just did very successfully with Israel and a lot of other people.
In Minneapolis, 700 buildings were burned, damaged, or destroyed, costing more than $1 billion. I just left, incredible people. We were on a runway like this, and I introduced them. Their businesses were burned down, gone, and they don't know what they're going to do, but we're going to try helping them to get them rebuilt.
OK.
Louisiana, I was in New Orleans, made a speech. I then went into Louisiana, float -- flew into the airport in Louisiana. There was this massive hangar and it was the night before the election and I gave a speech and it was just great.
But virtually all Americans were better off with a gentleman named President Donald J. Trump. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. They're my people. I shouldn't say this. I get myself in trouble, but I get myself in trouble with myself when he says, "I'm not allowed to talk," you say, "Who the hell's controlling this guy?" I know, the people, the Marxists that's around him in the Oval Office that are all 35 years old or a little bit older and they tell him exactly.
Thank you. Thank you, Nia. Well, Nia, I want to just to tell you -- first of all, thank you very much. And so heartfelt, I could see that.
I cut regulations more than any other president in the history of our country. And we'll give you free access to the biggest and best market on the planet, that's us, but only if you make your product here in America and hire American workers. If you don't make your product here, then you will have to pay a tax or tariff when you send your product into the United States.
Energy, you can forget petroleum. How does Oklahoma feel about being petroleum free? Not good, right? Our country will have no energy. Our country will have nothing. Oklahoma, Texas, North Dakota, and many others will all be out of business. I don't think that's going to work out too well, but she's actually in charge of environmental policy.
Temperament is very important. It's very, very important. But we need strength. We don't need these weak people. That's all they do. They talk about, Well
Hey, Todd.
It's great to be here. Good. Good morning to be here. Supposing I lost, I probably wouldn't call. "Pat, I don't ever want to be there today, right?" We had a great -- we had a great evening.
We don't need any more time. We need one more. Senator came to my office, "Sir, I'm 67. I'm great. I'm 67, sir. I can give you great advice." I said, "Senator, I'm one for one, but it happened to be the President. And now I want to be two for two, two for two." Two for two. So we have 16, we have 20, we have 24. And you know, it's very interesting though, they were really people out there think I'm not leaving.
Clinton can't talk about the real problems facing our country because she's the one who helped create all of our problems in the first place. To hide her corruption, she deleted 33,000 emails after a congressional subpoena.
No, no, that's a good thing, not a bad thing. That's a good thing. We don't need nuclear missiles flying all over the place. So, we did get along well, but he doesn't like this particular group of people very much. And I understand exactly why, because he doesn't like incompetent people. Actually, they're grossly incompetent.
If elected, Hillary Clinton would become the first President of the United States who wouldn't be able to pass a background check.
I say so-called, they don't know what the hell they're doing or how to deal with it. But despite that, our biggest threat remains the sick, sinister, demented, and evil people that we have from within. But no matter how big or powerful these corrupt radicals may be, you must never forget this nation does not belong to them.
Like, for instance, look at this massive crowd. They don't show the crowd, folks. I go home. My wife said, oh, were there many people? I say thousands. She goes, really? I didn't see them. I didn't see them. They don't show them.
And they're doing a good job, aren't they? I hear that, big, big contract, one of the biggest contracts. They're doing a good job, but I took a lot of heat. And the Keystone XL pipeline, I know you were -- had a lot of people involved in that. What a bunch of stupid people to -- think of it. I rejected Putin's pipeline going through.
He has no clue what he's doing. There is that -- Remember he look -- You want to give illegal aliens health care, even though we're taking it away from our own soldiers that are up -- and he looks and they're all raising their hand. Did you see that? Well he, oh, oh, oh, OK, I'll do it too. In addition to replacing NAFTA, I've taken the toughest ever action against China's trade abuses.
I went to better schools, I went to better everything. And by the way, by the way, are you ready for this? And I'm president, and they're not.
But we won -- we won Massachusetts, got over 49%. And Massachusetts is represented by Pocahontas, right, Pocahontas. Represented by Pocahontas. Oh, she is terrible. She is -- she is just a terrible person. Terrible. You know, Clinton thinks she's doing herself a favor, to use this woman as a surrogate. Everybody that watches her, they say she is a terrible human being.
I will also keep us safe from radical Islamic, right? Radical Islamic terrorists, radical Islamic terrorists. Hillary Clinton unleashed ISIS and unleashed death and suffering across the Middle East, and spread it into our country. We are taking thousands and thousands of people from Syria. We have no idea where they come from. We have no idea who they are. They are not properly vetted. You will see over the years what a mistake that is. You will see. She wants to now increase the high number -- already we are taking in thousands, tens of thousands -- she wants to increase that number by 550 percent. You put her in as president, you're crazy.
What amazing people. You know, Florida, I think we're gonna win by a lot. We're gonna win by a lot. [Applause]
But we have a badly depleted military. And we can't beat ISIS. Can you imagine Mosul, right, Mosul? I've been saying this for a long time. And, you know, somebody like Hillary Clinton said, well, he says he doesn't want to go into Mosul. Look, folks, first of all, Mosul was already captured. It was the way we got out of Iraq. We shouldn't have gone into Iraq and we shouldn't have gotten out the way we got out. But that's why we're going in now a second time.
Can you believe that? Keep men out of women's sports. Think about it. Now, I've told this story a number of times. You know, the swimmer with a man's body. You know, they say that. They describe it that way. They say, "No, he's on the swim team. He was given Women Athlete of the Year." [Audience boos]
You'll be amazed at how quickly it will be fixed. This country will be put back together very soon. Every problem can be solved, and every wrong can be rectified. By this time next year, America's borders will be strong, sealed, and secure. Inflation will be in full retreat. Our economy will be roaring back.
He was left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed -- that's right, when the phone rang at 3 o'clock in the morning, she was sleeping. Ambassador Stevens and his staff in Libya made hundreds of requests for security. Hillary Clinton's State Department refused them all. She started the war that put him in Libya, denied him the security he asked for, then left him there to die.
It was so good. And then these guys took over and they destroyed it quickly. They got rid of little things like Remain in Mexico, you know, things like -- not easy to get remain when I told the president of Mexico, you know, everybody's staying in Mexico. "No. No. We wouldn't do that." I said, "Yes, you will. Because if you don't, we're going to tariff your cars at 150%, and that's going to be the end of that."
We are the movement of the future. Our movement represents all Americans from all backgrounds and all walks of life. We are asking for the votes of Republicans and Democrats and independents and first time voters. And believe me, there are a lot of first time voters that are standing on line right now. [Applause]
So, I want to thank you all. This has been a lovely experience. It was years ago that I was here. We talked about what we were going to do, and we did just about everything we said. And if you'd like, we'll take a few questions, Bob. [Applause]
And the three exceptions, I think, to a large portion of the people on this issue are very important, very, very important. Remember, the Democrats are the radicals on this issue. And you have to remember that the Democrats, we're not the radicals on this issue. The Democrats are the radicals because they're willing to kill babies in their fifth and sixth and seventh and eighth and ninth month and even after birth.
We got to win Arkansas. We got to win Arkansas. We gotta win. Maybe I'll start shopping permanently at Walmart if we win Arkansas. I'll never go anywhere. Now we got to win Arkansas. I love it. I love the people of Arkansas. I know so many people. They're great people. These are great people. But, but just remember this.
What a politician is really good at is getting re-elected and continuously to get to the right source.  Remember this, seven months ago I was a big donor. I gave 350,000 to the Republican Governors Association I gave. I mean it was like crazy I give to everybody. I even give, I give to Democrats, I give -- I give to everybody.
A lot of people choke, they choke like dogs, they can't breathe. They can't breathe. This guy was running against a so-called star.
Every single thing you're allowed to deduct expensing, one year. And that's what made our first tax bill, in my opinion, more than anything else, bringing your money back in. We have that -- we have everything, trillions of dollars, hundreds of billions, but trillions of dollars. Apple alone, Tim Cook brought in hundreds of billions of dollars.
So I call him King. I get along with them great. But I was really hitting him hard about how they've hurt our country. And I had 5,000 Chinese people, I'm China, I'm in Beijing doing this, can you believe it? And I'm looking down, he's getting angrier and angrier. And then I saved it. I said, "You know, I don't blame you.
The meeting lasted 39 minutes, and it was just a coincidence. You know, he was here to play golf. I hate to tell you it was about 109 degrees that day. [Laughter] We all love Arizona, but I have so many friends, I'm here some much. When it gets to a certain temperature, we just sort of say, let's stay inside today. It's 109, it was a very hot day -- it's a very hot day. But he just happened to see her. Did you see that? There's the attorney general's plane riding down the runway. [Laughter]
Great. And in Congress, he's just like he was in wrestling. There's a lot of similarities. I'll tell you. You have a great father, fellas, and you guys are doing a great job. Also, champion top, champion wrestlers, I don't know, there are a hell of a lot bigger than you too, Jim. Huh? I don't know, but I asked your boy.
She lies to congress under oath and her ringleaders took the Fifth Amendment and got immunity deals. Explain that one. [Booing]
Furthermore, we should significantly increase jail time for repeat immigration violators to make clear that if you flout our immigration laws, you are looking at very hard time and substantial time. This used to be called Kate's Law. Do you remember that? Named after Kate Steinle, who was an incredible, beautiful young woman who was gunned down in San Francisco while standing with her father on a pier.
Wow. Hello, everybody. You know, this was supposed to be a little gathering in like a plant. This was supposed to be just a little gathering. A lot of people outside trying to get in. Well, I want to thank everybody and I want to say here a very, very special hello to Scranton and also to Pennsylvania.
Three. I'm going to ask Congress to pass legislation that ensures the secretary of Veterans Affairs has the authority to remove or discipline any employee who risks, the health, safety or well-being of any veteran.
I said, "You should fight the case. You should fight it right to the end and you make maybe a settlement down the end." But the problem is, when you settle cases, everybody keeps suing you. Does it make sense? [Audience calls out "Yes"] When they have to go through a case, it takes years and years, like this case have been going on for four or five years.
That includes [Inaudible] and Hillary Clinton created a lot of the problems. And now she's saying how she's going to take us out. She doesn't have a clue, not even a little clue. We've had such a failed foreign policy with the people we have now. A failed education policy, a totally failed economic policy. And underneath it all a failed political system that rewards politicians for how many donors they have or how many journalists they know, not how many Americans they help to live better and more prosperous lives.
After about the fifth time, I said, "There's something strange going on with Russia." And that was it. And then when she lost, they used that as an excuse for her loss because they were very embarrassed. It was, they say, the biggest upset. I didn't think it was. I did a speech in Michigan. I had 38,000 people there the day before, and she did a speech and she had, like, almost nobody.
I don't know if you saw the phony job report that came out the other day. So it's around five. But what they don't say is the jobs are bad. You know they're bad jobs. You look at all the part-time stuff and all but they're bad jobs. They're not good jobs because our good jobs are fleeing. And the other thing is people that look for a job, that give up looking, and you stop looking for the job.
Hillary visits states like Ohio, Pennsylvania and Michigan. Talks about jobs. But she's the one who killed the jobs in the first place. Why didn't she do something about it? You probably saw in the debate, she'd say, "Well, I want to do this. I want to do that. I want to do this." I said, "Why didn't you do it? You've been there for 30 years.
He was the president of Mexico. He was on CNN. It's all right. And he said, we will never pay for that. And he used the F word, right? And I said, oh, he's going to get killed using the F word. Can you imagine if I used the F bomb? It would be the electric chair. Here's a guy, and he used the F -- he said we will never pay for that f bomb wall.
I'm telling you, he's never -- " And I thought he was kidding. You know, he's a comedian, I guess. I don't know, he's nothing. But the guy is a zero. But he's going -- he's going, "No, no he's never leaving." And I started thinking, and the guy really believes that, okay? So from now on, start yelling, "16 more years." You're going to drive them crazy.
At Columbia, you watched that along with everybody else. It was terrible. They took control of the school buildings, these magnificent buildings. They beat the hell out of them, by the way. And the campus became so dangerous for Jewish students at the university. Rabbi told them, "Please go home. Go home."
Now I happen to think it was incompetence, but a lot of people disagree with that. And a declining Crooked Joe Biden, he's the crookedest, most incompetent president in the history of our country, will soon have us losing World War 3. We won't even be in World War 3. We'll be losing World War 3 with weapons the likes of which nobody has ever seen before.
And I'm saying can you imagine General Douglas MacArthur or General George Patton, these are tough killers. Can you imagine they must have been going nuts. They're spinning in their grave. Obama announces a date. We are leaving on such and such a date. So the enemy pulls back. What do we have to fight for they're leaving.
The America We Deserve in the year 2000, and I talk about Osama Bin Laden, because he was a terrorist with a big, fat mouth, and he was going around saying the destruction he's going to do. And I say -- I said in the book two years before the World Trade Center came down. You better do something about this guy Osama Bin Laden.
We're leading by millions of votes, we're leading by hundreds of delegates, and it's a rigged system. But I said, you know, let it be rigged. I talk about the boxers. I have a boxer, he's a fantastic guy. Sort of a friend of mine, he's a world champion, and he goes into a very unfriendly territory. I said, what are you doing?
This is incredible. It's incredible. And we're going to have a good time tonight, aren't we, huh? So, just where would you rather be on a Saturday night than a Trump rally in Texas? See now Biden would say, "Where are they? Ha-ha." He said -- he'd say, "Where would you rather be on a Thursday night? In the state of Oklahoma." No, this is Texas.
If he becomes president, the whole world -- because -- and I don't use this word. I don't like the word for myself. And I'm not saying -- I'm just saying the word he said. He said, "The whole world was afraid of him." China was afraid. Russia was afraid. Everybody was afraid. And I don't like that. I'd like to say respect, but I'm just saying what he said so.
I mean, think of this. So a Kremlin-backed investment firm that was a big, big beneficiary of the deal.
Right. Redemption from illegal aliens that are coming in. The redemption money is paying for the wall. They re so sad to hear that because they re, OK, finally. They go, You have to understand. An entire party is fighting. They'll give me anything I want. Our military rebuilt at $2.2 trillion. It's really $2.5 trillion over a period of three years.
You know about that tax hike, don't you? We gave you the biggest tax cut in history, bigger than Reagan's. We gave you the biggest regulation cuts. And for the farmers and manufacturers in the audience, of which there are many, the regulation cuts were probably even bigger and more important than the tax cuts, the biggest ever in history.
I gave them billions of dollars of excess military. We had military equipment in storehouses, warehouses all over the United States. And they didn't know what to do. They said, "We can't give it to them." I said, "Why don't you want to?" "Because it will look too military." A lot of it is safety equipment, you know, trucks that are armor-plated and things when they go into riots, and I gave it to them, billions and billions of dollars.
And then all of a sudden I stopped, never got to the T and I started putting Xs because I was afraid that somebody could say it was my signature. And I call up our ambassador and I say, David, this is crazy. I said we're going to build our embassy in Jerusalem but they want $1 billion. They're going to look for sites.
For the sake of our freedom and for the sake our children we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender, and we will always fight on to victory, always, always.
We ought to put people in jail for a year when they burn our flag. You know, what the hell is that all about? I see them burning a flag. They ought to have, you burn the American flag, you go to jail for one year. It'd be amazing. It's like we did, we signed, I signed the law. You knock down a statue or monument, you go to jail for 10 years.
I will stop the global theft of American jobs and turn the US into the manufacturing superpower of the world. I will end the war in Ukraine, stop the chaos in the Middle East, and prevent World War III. I can do that. I will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly -- I tell you what.
A lot of the people in our leadership wouldn't support it. But we're going to include the direct election of school principals by the parents. We want the principals not to be hired because they're radical left lunatics. If any principal is not getting the job done, the parents should be able to vote to fire them and to select somebody who will get the job done.
They spied on me when I was in the Oval Office. Could you imagine if a Republican got caught spying on President Biden? Wouldn't be too exciting. Spying on Obama. Spying on Clinton. Could you imagine you're spying on President Obama, right? You're spying on President Obama from the outside and you get caught.
You are seeing numbers that -- we haven't seen those numbers ever before actually. We have never seen them, and by the way, we have record stock markets, we have record everything. We are going to have -- You are going to have an incredible economic year next year. Your stocks are going up, your 401(k)s are through the roof.
So Steve days and he is a beautiful guy. So Steve days and he is a beautiful guy. So Steve come on up with your friends come on up, all right, I'm not gonna take tomorrow. All right, I'm not gonna take tomorrow. All right, I'm not gonna take tomorrow too long. But I will say this, I wear a too long, but I will say this, I wear a too long.
That's pretty cool. Well, we'll get it done without the dying part. But, you know, we don't want the dying part, but it's -- you're willing to do that if you have to. We stand on -- that's right. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, those big, gorgeous skyscrapers.
How do you crack 50 when you have all these people running. So I'm at 48. Paul was good. Way, way ahead of anybody else nationwide. And they showed Hillary Clinton, hers is very close. Got a little problem. Good to happen. Got a bigger problem with the e-mails than she has, I think, with Bernie to be honest with you.
And this guy spotted, shot. But how about this? He then ran -- there's a fence in between, cyclone fence. And he then ran across the street down the block to get his car. Only a woman could do this because men aren't smart enough, I'll tell you. And a woman, a pretty busy road, Congress, it's called, and pretty busy, but she didn't like the way he looked.
It would have been a nasty one too. But remember, everybody said I was going to be in war. Everybody said, oh, maybe I'll do something with Social Security, and I did. I saved it and made it stronger and now I'm going to make it even stronger and they're going to get rid of your Social Security. Because everything is going to come collapsing down.
They say, "He didn't get Mexico to pay for the wall." Like hell I didn't. I got Mexico to pay for 28,000 soldiers, free of charge, while we're building the wall. That was more money than paying for the wall. They were there for a long time, and they're not politically correct soldiers, either. These are soldiers that, you know -- and they stopped it. So, that was sort of interesting.
They admit now that it was a totally made-up hoax. He's saying my son should go to prison, and he knows it was a hoax. What kind of a human being can do that? Only a sick, evil, very bad human being. And now I have the same people there, the same people, other than Cheney, who's the worst, and crying Adam Kinzinger, I watched him today.
We are going to defeat the country, we are going to defeat the country. We are going to defeat the barbarians of Isis and we're going to barbarians of Isis and we're going to barbarians of Isis and we're going to defeat them fast. Once again. France is the victim of once again France is the victim of once again.
Get ready to go to work. You want to go back to work? You're going to go back to work. Your jobs will come back under a Trump administration. Your incomes will go up under a Trump administration. Your taxes will go way, way down under a Trump administration. Your companies won't be leaving Colorado under a Trump administration.
And if they don't behave and if they don't live up to the deal, we send them what's called a notice of termination, 30 days. It's a 30-day notice of termination. And believe me, they will come back so fast. Sir, Mr. President, is there a way I can make this deal better for our country? I'll say, you know, we'll do it but we're gonna make it even better now, OK? But we have a nice simple path, not this crazy web.
But I'll tell you, we had -- we had a crowd, you couldn't see the end of it. So, I want to also introduce, if I might, a man who's really brave. He went through hell. He got shot, also. By the way, he got -- he got really shot. But he's come back and he's a friend of mine for a long time. House Majority Leader Steve Scalise.
My children. I mean they'll always be children to me. I don't care, right? But my children have been so amazing. Yvonne aka Don Eric Tiffany Barron will be. He's a little on the young side right now. But we've had we've had a great time. So here's what's going to happen. I want to thank Eric because now we're going over to Pennsylvania to get -- he's going to spend the day.
Because China has absolute power. The stuff comes through China. I'd also -- I would have done Iran but I don't think you're going to get anywhere with Iran now, because they're a hostile nation. They took our money. They spent the money. They bought 118 Airbus planes instead of Boeing's, OK. In other words the money goes to Europe.
But we have the facts on our side. We're going to bring back jobs, were going to get rid of Obamacare. We have so many facts that we are going to cut your taxes, she's going to raise your taxes, we are going to cut your taxes. We are going to save Social Security, she's going to cut your Social Security -- she's going to cut your Social Security, and your Medicare.
You know what that means. So, you're going to get tremendous deduction ability. This will be great for small businesses and great for Ford and General Motors. It will be great for them, and we'll sell cars and trucks and work vans like never before. You'll sell so much. All those companies are going to like me, and I have nothing to do with them.
Above all, they were proud citizens, fiercely independent North Carolina men and women who blazed their own trail and took orders from nobody. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. We're not going to let our country be destroyed by lunatics.
We have to protect our smart people, don't we? But Bobby's going to be working on the food and the pesticides and all of the things to make it healthy. [Applause] And I told him yesterday. I was with him in the plane. I told him, "Bobby, look, here's the story. You can work on food. You can work on anything you want."
Another 45 will join our Remotely Piloted Aircraft program. A record number of you will become space operators. You will specialize in combat rescues, intelligence, missile maintenance, weather, air traffic control, engineering, and much, much more. Each of you is graduating at a truly incredible time for our country.
When you get down to George Washington can no longer be on high schools where they're taking the name George Washington. Then we better put on the brakes in this country because we're going to have a lot of big problems, but rather it will become the most beautiful capital anywhere in the world I drive through, you know, I have to go to court in Washington because it's all Biden people that do this.
I love those people. You know they're waiting outside for 10 hours, 12 hours. I love you, darling. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. No, we don't want to see anybody, even the other side, we don't want to see them hurt, even the other side. Thank you, doctor. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Take your time, doctor.
But we had -- at least for about 39 seconds, we had excellent chemistry. It's a good sign. But also in the past, Brazil, can you believe this, unfairly tariffed our nation. But now, because of our tariffs, we are hitting them back, and we're hitting them back very hard. As president, I will always defend our national sovereignty and the rights of American citizens.
A source says that Donald Trump is a horrible, horrible human being. Let 'em say it to my face. [Applause] Let there be no more sources. And remember this -- and in not -- in all cases. I mean, I had a story written yesterday about me in Reuters by a very honorable man. It was a very fair story.
But I go in; I come out a couple of hours later I guess whatever it is a short time later, I get into the car the press sees me get into the car on my way home, I get a call from my wife the first lady who is very popular. Do we like our first lady? Very popular a great person, a great woman. She said darling, are you okay?
In just over two years since the election, we have launched an unprecedented economic boom -- a boom that has rarely been seen before. We have created 5.3 million new jobs and importantly added 600,000 new manufacturing jobs -- something which almost everyone said was impossible to do, but the fact is, we are just getting started.
Do you notice the hats? He's throwing hats, and he does it the same way. He gets low, and he flicks his wrist like that. And we don't like these copycats, do we? It's crazy. I don't do the hat thing anymore because I don't want to -- I watched him. I say -- but it is true. We are a failing nation, and we are a nation in decline.
That was when it wasn't in vogue and then they have Clinton giving everything away and then they show -- and here we are today with a man -- who's nuked up all over the place. But we've been very strong and very vigilant, and now lots of good things, I think are gonna happen, but we'll see. But the funny thing -- so, they announced that he's not going to send missiles up anymore until through the meetings. Well, think of that, you know, we were losing -- we're getting a lot of missile sent.
Looking with time starts. When the rust comes 4.5 years, it starts to rust and it's very expensive to paint them. So they don't paint them and they're horrible. What's happened is horrible. So we're not going to approve windmills unless something happens that's an emergency. I guess it could happen. But we're not doing any of them.
She's got Bernie, a socialist, and I've got 17 governors, senators, and guys like Ben Carson, who's fantastic. I have all these guys running. So I have 17 people, she's got one. And if we didn't have 17, I'd be leading her by probably four million votes.
And I've done a little research on Billie Sutton. [Laughter] And I feel I had to. And Billie proposed hiking the South Dakota sales tax by $128 million. That's not good ... [Laughter] ...that's not good. That's not a positive, right? [Booing]
You're one of a kind, so don't try to be someone else. Just be yourself. And finally, and most importantly, never ever give up. Never give up. Never give up. I've learned anything in life -- And it's so true. One of the most important things you can learn, if you just went a little bit longer, if you just held out a little bit longer, you would have been successful.
It's ridiculous. It's crazy. It's a gift to China. They love giving China gifts. I wonder why. They will not have jobs. The autoworkers aren't going to have jobs in two years. They've got to be very careful with their union because they automatically support, always endorse and support a Democrat. They should endorse us because I said to the head of the union, "If you endorse us, you can go away on vacation for three months.
Whoever this guy Shawn Fain is, they ought to get him out because he sold the autoworkers down the tubes. They were sold down the river. You're fired, he's right. Guy screams at me. Yeah, fired. How bad? He agreed to what Obama wanted to do. Under my leadership, we created half a million manufacturing jobs in three short years.
We built it. I said, "You know, could you take it easy, this is gettin' a little expensive." Loaded up. It's loaded up with equipment and wires and everything else -- -- addition to the wall. Because, as you know, the democrats say, "Walls are obsolete." Right? I said, "No. Walls and wheels will never be obsolete." Walls and wheels.
They say Texas is very close. Uh, I don't think so. They said that last time, too. Remember, they said it last time. You know, for them to call it early, you have to be really -- so I heard from -- for a year, Texas is going to be very close. It's going to be -- everybody believed that, except for the people that lived in Texas.
They'll throw water. You know, they were so worried, everybody was so worried yesterday about you and they never mentioned me. I'm up here sweating like a dog. [Laughter] Secret Service said, "We have to make sure everyone's safe." I said, "What about me?" "Oh. We never thought of it." They don't think about me. I'm working my ass off.
The election was rigged, it was stolen. And now our country is being destroyed and our country is paying the biggest price imaginable. We had a thunderous victory in 2022. This is what we're going to be doing. We're going to put numbers up that nobody's ever seen. We want to win so big we're going to have it will be a thunderous victory, the likes of which we have never seen.
With us, as well, is Adrian Price, who has helped lead this effort as one of Ford's top engineers -- highly respected. Come on up. Please, Adrian. [Applause]
But you have a first lady in Georgia named Marnie Kemp, who is really popular. Is Marnie here? She's here, good. She loves the people, she loves the state. She loves everything about it, and she's made life a lot easier because life is not so easy for Brian. He's out there working all the time. So I want to thank you, Marnie, very much.
I'm really good at it. I'm really good at it. So that's what I know. But you know the car industry. So Ford, good company. I like Ford. In fact, the president wrote me a beautiful letter talking about well, you know, it wasn't that bad. But he hardly mentioned what he was doing. He said, you know, how well the company -- he didn't want to mention this.
Hillary Clinton supports totally open borders, there goes your country, and strongly supports sanctuary cities like San Francisco, where Kate Steinle was murdered by an illegal immigrant who was deported at least five times. [Booing]
He's like one of the great people Drudge. He's like one of the great people Drudge. He's like one of the great people. He said he's a powerhouse, but - but I'll - he said he's a powerhouse, but - but I'll - he said he's a powerhouse. But - but I'll tell you a rush said, I've never seen tell you a rush said I've never seen tell you a rush said I've never seen anybody take more incoming than Donald.
I did it in three weeks. I knocked them out in three weeks. We have great generals, not the guys on television that leave Afghanistan before they take out our equipment and our American citizens where we lost 13 great people. And nobody ever says this, where many soldiers were just obliterated, their arms, their legs, their face obliterated because of people that didn't know how to do their job.
I'll tell you what, the only thing she's got going in the media. Without the media, she would not have a chance. [Applause]
I still do. Nothing changes. Sometimes, you know, you might become President but nothing changes. I still love trucks, especially when I look at the largest crane in the world. That's very cool. Do you think I'll get to operate it? I don't know. We'll put the media on it, and I'll give them a little ride, right?
So the primer is this Tuesday, January 23rd. So if you want to send a message straight to Crooked Joe and all of his thugs and frauds destroying our country -- They are destroying. I mean, what they're doing on the border, what they did with Afghanistan, how they could let this happen to Ukraine with Russia.
Like when I went on dates, if a woman dropped me, which happened often, I would always like to say or, at least in my own mind, that I dropped her. Does that make sense? Does that -- so, what happened -- makes me feel better. So, they renewed "The Apprentice," and I said I'm not going to do it because I'm going to run for president.
I don't think so. So, I've come today with a message of hope for all Americans. With your vote, Tuesday, I will end inflation, I will stop the massive invasion of criminals into our country, and I will bring back the American dream. And this is all you really need to know. Is she the worst or what? She's the worst.
And there's also a moral clause that you know what -- and I've heard this for a couple of years with the delegates in Pennsylvania, if you win there is a moral obligation that you're supposed to vote for the one who wins, which sort of makes sense, right? And you know I refuse to say in this room because I say it outside and I get standing ovations.
Other people like Arkansas, he gets up, right? Asa, right? Asa. I call him Ada. Ada Hutchinson. He's been polling at zero for five months, and he's still in. I said, "Is he still in? You got to tell me. What's the game here? He's got zero." I think he's at zero for five months, and he's still there. And I don't know what these people do. I don't understand it. But we have to come together as a party because we have to beat probably Biden.
Where do they come from? So it can only be one of two or three things. Number one, I know they're very smart people. I know they are. And I even like some of them. [Laughter] But they're smart. So we take that out of the equation. So even -- and I know they don't have evil intentions. And the other thing could be, I guess, maybe -- you know, these companies are all owned by people, and these people are very generous.
I want to tell you. OK? Tough guy. That's why your crime is way down. I love people like that. But I'm the most militaristic person in this room. But you have to know where and when to go with it. I think we can do anything we want with Iran. We don't even talk to them. You know, we don't even talk to them.
You're so hand -- could I ask you a question, okay. Okay, ready? Now, they grab at us, saying this is not working out well. So, they grab her and I did -- I was long gone and they interview her after. I do not like him. I do not -- they told her you can't do that. You got to say bad things. I have no doubt because I watched her interviewed afterwards.
But instead of saying, 'Thank you, ma'am,' the snake gave her a vicious bite. 'Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,' cried the vicious snake. 'I saved you,' cried the woman, 'and you've bitten me but why? You know you're bite is poisonous and now I'm going to die.' 'Shut up, silly woman,' said the reptile with a grin, 'you knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in.'" That's what's happening on our border.
And you know what, they think they're going to sell it across our border, which by the way will become a very powerful, very strong border, OK it's no long going to be a piece of Swiss cheese. [Applause]  And they think they're going to sell it across the border. No tax, no nothing, sell it to wherever it came from. Let the people that got laid off buy it and now maybe they're unemployed, maybe they're two jobs, and they're making less, right, as we said.
... a hiring freeze on non-essential federal employees, but not the military. The military, we are going to make bigger, stronger. We need a strong military. [Applause]
I would like to ask now that we all observe a moment of silence for the victims of the attack.
Right, Brenda.
From both. She's smart. She says, "From both." And also somebody who's a terrific person, was with us right from the beginning, Congressman Rod Blum. Thank you, Rob. And my former acting attorney general, great person, great football player, actually, Matt Whitaker. Oh, you're very popular, Matt. And a man I just met, great law enforcement, Howard County sheriff, Tim Beckman.
But I think what happens is you get complacent. You work -- all of you people in this room -- some of you are friends of mine, some of you I recognize. But you worked so hard in Tennessee. They're working hard all over the country. And you win.
We go in and destroy one side and I said I was against it. Everyone says Donald Trump would be too quick with the trigger. I'm the one that didn't want to do it. I want to build our military so strong, so powerful that we never have to use it. I hope nobody is going to mess with us. It's, it's so -- it's so sad, it is so sad to see.
Thank you very much. So they want to surge refugee admissions by 700%. This was agreed to with crazy Bernie, opening the floodgates to radical Islamic terrorism. We're not doing it. He'll ban school choice, which we have to have, it's so important. They want to end charter schools, you know why, because he's controlled by certain people.
And my plan includes a pledge to restore manufacturing in the United States. We're going to start making things again. Hillary and the Democratic Party have run the inner cities for years and only produced more poverty, more crime, worse education. The time has come for real change.
And this is not sustainable by any -- on country can sustain this. Nothing like this has ever happened, and no country can sustain this. Crooked Joe, with his insane border policies, will destroy Medicare and Social Security because they're going to go out of business. And you know that illegal aliens coming into our country under Biden are treated better than our vets.
Sounds like they made a deal, you know. They both supported Sleepy Joe. You know why? They made a deal. You know why? Quid pro quo, that's why. No good, quid pro quo. Quid pro quo. They made a deal. Impeach them, they should be impeached, they should be impeached. Quid pro quo. But they embrace an extreme left-wing agenda.
You can't do it. And they said to me it's amazing that they allowed these things to happen. And it's amazing too, I agree. You know, as a business guy, I always like to understand where the other side's coming from, what do they want, what do they get. And you know, you can make good deals based on understanding the other side.
And they will say Trump gets the biggest crowds by far. Do you think that translates, right? They said but that might not translate into the voting booth. Now today, people started lining up seven hours ago and I assume it was these people, these people. See, what they don't know is they may be the best.
And they each -- He says -- [Laughs]. And they each -- Thank you very much. I think that's a compliment. But they each have like a specialty, and I'm sitting around, and I'm sitting around, I'm laying there and I wanna get the hell out but I'm not feeling the best I've ever felt. I haven't been used to that.
And we're seeing already -- it's very early -- 11 months -- the incredible results. We have created more than 2 million new jobs since the election. Substantially more. Economic growth has surged past 3 percent, something that wasn't supposed to happen for a long time. We're way ahead of schedule. Unemployment is at a 17-year low. By the way, African American unemployment is the lowest it's ever been in the history of our records. [Applause] Great. I told you.
She wants to see a big victory in South Carolina for us, Lieutenant Governor Pam Evette. Thank you, Pam. Thank you, Pam. And Treasurer Curtis Loftis. Thank you very much. My Ambassador Curtis, thank you very much. My ambassador, who really was a good job. I won't tell you which country, but I sent him to a country where they have the greatest deserts in history, and this was not a good thing to do to Ed McMullen.
You know, they asked that question. Even the enemy said, I hope they don't compare the four years with Biden and the four years with Trump. But I do that now because they said that. People were happy. It's like 92% preferred my term than his term. What's good about his term? Not one thing good has happened during -- what has happened.
They're great Americans. They love our country. They love North Carolina. They come from North -- isn't it nice where you can sort of be closer? They'll travel to California. If I went to Hawaii, they'd be in Hawaii. I think they're loaded if you want to know the truth. I think their husbands -- the reason I never see their husbands is because they're working like hell because these wives are traveling all over the place.
Well, thank you very much. And Governor Noem, Secretary Bernhardt -- very much appreciate it -- members of Congress, distinguished guests, and a very special hello to South Dakota. [Applause]
It's going to be one of the great hotels of the world. It's going to be amazing and a great thing. Now, what happened is they looked at a couple of things. The GSA wanted two things. They wanted a great building. A lot of people put in for an office building so they were out because they really ideally wanted a hotel.
We will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America in less than 10 years. Who would've thought that? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms.
He committed crimes. This campaign is a righteous crusade to liberate our republic from Biden and the criminals in the Biden administration. They're criminals. They're criminals that think they can do whatever they want, break any law, tell any lie, ruin any life, trash any norm, and get away with anything they want.
It's OK. It's OK. [Audience member calls out "We got you."] But it would be nice to have -- you know, I'm trying to make a point and I'm trying to sell something. I'm telling the people that our leadership is grossly incompetent, that we're being ripped off by every country in the world, including our so-called friends.
We're gonna do it.
Their brutal lockdowns. Their brutal -- you take a look at what they've got. The showers are disgusting, the bathrooms are horrible, and people are being forced to live like that. Let them use their lawyers. Let them go out and defend themselves. And if we think they're innocent, we should help them defend themselves.
People have been talking about it for years, but it never quite works out. Even with me, we lost by half a point. One more stop. I should have come one more time, just one more time. But you know what? It's not going to matter because we're going to have an even bigger victory on November 3rd. So I want to thank you.
And a report just came out, and I should have brought it because I would have read it, but it's long but beautiful for Ronny Jackson. Secret Service are all over the place. And they wrote a report that what he said was so false and so untrue. Never happened. And they could have ruined -- they could have ruined -- could have ruined a lesser man.
He's a good sport. Bernie, crazy Bernie. He's so crazy. But he's a good sport because, you know, with Hillary, they really did. Do we have any young children here? I know it's on a lot of television. Could you turn the television off just for a minute? Just for about three seconds, he got screwed, right?
We have reduced the total amount of opioids prescribed by 34% and the Department of Justice has prosecuted more than 3,000 defendants in opioids-related cases and our public awareness campaign about the terrible suffering that drugs inflict has already reached 58% of all young Americans. I said that you have to show them we're doing ads, beautiful ads in shows and you've seen them.
We held rallies for some of the senators that were down. And nobody talks about that. Nobody wants to talk. The press doesn't talk about it. With me at the top of the ticket, not a single Republican member of Congress lost their race for the first time in decades. We won 26 of 26 toss-up races, toss-up. Think of that, 26 of -- and those are toss-up. Those are races that could go any way.
My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together has only just begun, and it is time to start talking about greatness for our country again. We don't talk about greatness anymore. You watch the newscasts at night, they talk about all of these different things, but they never talk about making our country great again. They never do. They tear down our country.
We won the popular vote. We won -- there's a district vote that's very interesting. It's where the whole map looks red, red for Republican, by the way. But the whole map came out, I think it was 2,750 to 505. Think of that, that's broken into little districts, little areas. We had an unbelievable election.
Here are a few of the things that we're going to do and we're going to get them done quickly: a massive tax cut for working Americans. [Applause]
What he did to get it, including the guy, Gruber. Did you see Gruber got fired yesterday? He got fired because he defrauded somebody or something. Something very bad happened.
And Mark McCormick became the agent. And then because of Arnold's success, IMG, which most of you know, it's very, very big now, Hollywood stars, everything, IMG became well-known. And he started signing a lot of other players and a lot of other people. And then he started with Hollywood and they signed Hollywood stars.
We inherit the legacy of American heroes who cross the oceans, blaze the trails, settled the continent, tamed to the wilderness, laid down the railroads, dug out the Panama Canal. Raised up the great skyscrapers, went to world wars. Defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come. [Inaudible]. Proud citizens like you help build this country, and together we are taking back our country.
With the Republicans he does great. He gets a budget approved. I don't understand. He's got the money for Planned Parenthood. He's got the money -- think of it. He's got the money to fund Obamacare, which we're going to, by the way, which we're going to terminate. We're going to repeal it and we're going to replace it with something much better.
I will invest in training and funding both local and federal law enforcement operations to remove the gang members, drug dealers and criminal cartels from our neighborhoods. [Applause]
I promised that I would always have your back. And unlike the politicians who came before me -- they talked a lot; they did nothing for you -- I kept my promise. Under the previous administration, net farm income plummeted by more than 20 percent. Under my administration -- and, remember, these trade deals haven't even really kicked in yet.
American patriots defeated fascism, vanquished communism, delivered millions into freedom and built the greatest country and most powerful military in the history of our world. These courageous Americans did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy, tear down our industry and destroy our proud American heritage.
I'm not a Bush fan. Believe me, I am no Bush fan. He got us into Iraq. I think Obama should have gotten us out a lot faster but Bush got us into Iraq. I am no Bush fan and anybody that knows me knows that. But what's happened good. I mean, can we say that the economy's booming? No. Can we say unemployment -- I mean unemployment is a totally phony number.
I didn't sleep. We did speeches every day. We did rallies. We did three or four rallies a day. And sometimes the last few days we did more rallies than, than, uh, anybody could believe. And they were packed to the -- We went up to Milwaukee. We had 28,000 people in that beautiful new basketball arena. We'd use the basketball arenas, but they were way too small.
We need somebody that can take the brand of the United States and make it great again. It's not great again. [applause]
He's weak as hell. A weak guy like Joe Biden didn't even bring law and order up as a subject for discussion in the entire Democrat National Convention. Now, they're all of a sudden [Audience shouts "Boo"] Now, they realize because they've gone down like a rock in water, they've gone down in the polls, and now all of a sudden, they're talking oh, well, we have to talk about crime.
But I take it for you. This is a continuation of the greatest witch hunt of all time, and it's been going on since I came down the escalator with our great future first Lady. She says hello to everybody, and she believes in what you're doing so much. And does she love her baby, who is now a very tall, 17 year old baby.
Isn't that a good idea? You make your product in America. In other words, you're creating jobs. Think of that. Vivek, is that good? How about that? You know, I got calls from very smart people like Vivek, and they said, "Where the hell did you ever come up with that idea? How simple is it?" Your tax is going to go down from 21 percent all the way down to 15 percent, which makes us just about the most competitive -- I think it's very few.
It's just a guy that said, I don't care I'm staying. And then you see him eating in the morning -- you ever see -- I have never seen. He's stuffing pancakes in his mouth like this. And I'm always telling my boy, take small bites Barron. Little tiny bites. And yesterday he said, daddy who is that guy on television?
Alfred E. Neuman. You know who that is, right? Huh? Boot, edge, edge. You say, boot, and then, you go edge, edge. Because nobody can pronounce his name. So, they call him Mayor Pete, Mayor Pete. I'd like him to win. So, I don't want to knock -- I don't want to knock these people. You knock them maybe you'll end up with somebody good at top that wouldn't be good.
We've never had anything like this. And you know, I feel so sorry for the towns and the cities where they are. They're causing havoc, and the mayors always want to be politically correct. One particular -- I don't want to embarrass him, but one particular mayor is saying "We're looking for translators because the people speak no English."
I said, if you do that, every country is going to be dumping people that they don't want into our country. And that's what's happened, but we're cleaning it out. And the courts, we had a good decision, as you know, from the Supreme Court, allowing us to do that. We have judges that didn't want us to do it.
And I said, "Listen, we got to do something." $68 billion in trade losses over the last four, five years a year. So we're renegotiating, and I think you'll be fair, I think you'll be fair. And by the way, he started by saying that he's putting $40 billion into the United States for new car factories. Toyota's coming in with $14 billion, many, many companies are coming in. And they're coming in, frankly to Michigan, they're coming back, they want to be back to Ohio, to Pennsylvania, to North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida and what's the name of this special place?
I said, "It's just the wrong thing to do." I told my kids that they will be offered to do deals all over the place. Can't do it. I'm president. You can't do it. My poor kids. I mean, all they did is get subpoena after subpoena and they didn't do anything. They're good kids. But this is high level election interference at a level nobody's ever seen actually before and it's happening for a single reason because I'm the only candidate they do not want to run against.
You ever see a guy make a speech? He's such anger and so uncomfortable shouting. Yeah, but he's terrible. He's just terrible. Should have never been there. We all know that, should have never been there. What they've done to this country is incredible. But she bragged that she would be the last person in the room, and she was, she was the last person in the room with Biden when the two of them decided to pull the troops out of Afghanistan.
It's all modern. Because modern, you take a can of paint, throw it, take a few, throw it. Then you say, "$500,000." You could do one of those paintings in about 12 seconds. You have five cans. Boom, boom, boom. Done. Next. Give me $500,000. No, it's so corrupt. When that came out, I said, "There's one they won't get away with." They got away with it. I guess.
You'd better be careful, I'll leave here and I'll go run in Israel. The United States has also taking decisive action against the brutal Socialist dictatorship in Venezuela. That's a horrible situation. And America, once again, stands with the people of Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela, in their righteous struggle for freedom and we're helping them out.
I always said he was a total crook. I've said it for years. It turned out he was a crook. He was a crook. And he left. He fled. He fled with a lot of cash. What we've done, how we got into that mess, it's just amazing. But we could have gotten out with honor and we should have gotten out with honor. And instead we got out with the exact opposite of honor.
Can you imagine? Celebrating the life of a great person, a great fireman actually, Corey. We had 101,000. So, whether you're a Democrat or Republican or independent, this election is your chance to send a message to the world that the people of California are not going to take it any longer. We're not going to take it. [Audience responds affirmatively]
Just days ago, right here in your state, an incredible 25-year-old mom, beautiful mom, named Mimi Rodriguez-Ramirez, was kidnapped from a Walmart parking lot, a parking lot that was safe. She was horribly abused and murdered, violently murdered. A week later, her body was dumped on a road, was found by the police in condition that they said they've never seen anything like that before.
So we give them all this money, $150 billion back. We give them the deal of a lifetime. And instead of saying thank you, they feel emboldened. That won't happen with us, folks.
Any part of the RFS have to do that. Any part of the RFS have to do that. Any part of the RFS energy independence is a requirement of energy independence is a requirement of energy independence is a requirement of Americans to become great. Again, my theme Americans to become great. Again, my theme Americans to become great.
[Inaudible] Good place. [Audience chants "USA"] Last month, unemployment reached its lowest level in 51 years, 7 million Americans have been lifted off food stamps since the election. What a great -- 1.3 million children have been lifted out of poverty. Think of that and African-American, Hispanic-American, and Asian-American unemployment rates have reached the lowest levels in history.
He said that's OK, sir, you went up another two points. We won the state by a lot. Remember the fake news? It's a lot of it back there too, a lot of fake news. But they were going around, Mike. Hey, Mike, they were going around saying, "Well, Trump may not be able to -- " Remember, you have to, in order to win, you have to win Ohio, right?
Ever. Think of it. Ever in history of our country. The biggest tax cut, the biggest tax decrease, in the history of our country. The biggest regulation cuts in the history of our country. The best job numbers in the history of our country. The real job numbers, not the fake job numbers that they give. The next economic boom will begin the instant the world knows that crooked Joe Biden is gone and we have four more years of President Donald J. Trump and you, together.
Is he still the president? [Audience responds "No"] I'm trying to figure it out. You know, I hate to waste the time by saying "and him", because I don't think -- I don't know, is he the president? [Audience responds "No"] Because yesterday, his wife took over the cabinet meeting, right? Said, "I'm going to ask my wife to take -- " He hasn't had a cabinet meeting in two years.
Remember the 51 intelligence officials that lied about the laptop? They said, oh, the laptop, Russia, disinformation? No, they all lied. 51 of them lied, and it would have made a difference of about 11 points in the election, according to the pollsters. They lied. As an example, every one of these many fake charges filed against me by the corrupt Biden DOJ could have been filed two and a half years ago.
And by the way, no disrespect. But every place I go, you would love these people whether it's Alabama, whether it's Dallas, whether it's all of the Oklahoma. It's like all the same. They're incredible people you're incredible people." They want to say it's true. It's true. They want to see our country be great again.
I said, I don't give a damn. I'm coming to Pennsylvania Avenue one way or the other. Trump International. It was the Old Post Office Building. It was the old post office building. It was one of the most beautiful buildings in the country. Can you imagine I got it through the Obama administration. Does that tell you how good I am? Does that tell you?
Hillary Clinton has been running a hate-filled and negative campaign with no policy, no solutions, and no new ideas. True. By contrast, I have been going around the country offering very detailed plans for reform and change. All of these reform plans are available on our website, and they are extensive.
The fake news said, "President Trump said the president of China, president for life of China." So, I called him the king. He's the king of China, right? 1.5 billion people. "He said he was smart. He might have even said he was brilliant. How dare he say that?" Oh, OK. He's in charge of 1.5 billion people.
And the fact is Russia was celebrating. France was celebrating. Everybody was celebrating but us. And we're the ones that won the war. [Laughter] We won the war. And they helped. But without us, they don't win the war. We're all speaking German. You know that right? Without us, they're speaking German, maybe a little Japanese, too. [Laughter] We won the war.
Thank you. Thank you. God bless you all. Thank you very much, Iowa. Thank you.
No, I've used that one already. People like it. I can't use it. I'd like to use it again but I have to -- no, we'll go crooked Hillary, OK? But crooked may be more accurate actually. But she's probably going to get out because, I mean you know they keep letting her -- what she has done is so much worse than what anybody else running ever, ever has done.
Let's talk about it." But they took out a lot of the things that we negotiated that were done, and I said, "Can't do that. Sorry, you can't do that. You've been doing that too long to our poor Presidents that had no clue what was happening. And you can't do that." So we're putting tariffs -- we have 25 percent tariffs on $250 billion.
But they do. They have a sort of a base of almost 40, and we don't have that base. We have to go out and earn it. Like in 2016, we just ran the whole East Coast of the country, and that made up for California, which I actually believe that if they didn't have rigged elections out there, if they didn't have all the paper ballots -- you know, they send out like 36 million ballots, and nobody knows where the hell they're going to or coming from.
The likes of which this country has never seen before if these crazy rules get in with the Green New Deal. You know, the Green New Deal, the real number is $100 trillion. You know, they say well, we could do it for like 9 trillion. Well, nine does it work either, but the real price is a hundred. They want to rip down buildings and build new buildings in their place with tiny little windows.
Because when we win it's going to be America first. [Applause]
We have it. But, without it, we round the corner, and it will be available free. We're doing the vaccine free, and the reason is, that this wasn't you're fault, this wasn't anyone's fault. [Audience member calls out "It was China's fault"] This was China's fault. Just remember it. Our vaccine will eradicate the virus much more quickly, and end the pandemic quickly, quickly, quickly because we want to have our life restored just to normal, that's all we want.
And we will work together so that every citizen -- every citizen is free to follow their dreams and their hearts and to express the love and joy in their souls. OK now, I mean -- so they were having a hard time with that one, because I said everything.
The numbers speak and things happen, but I've always really had a very good press. And it wasn't until I became a politician that I realized how nasty, how mean, how vicious, and how fake the press can be. As the cameras start going off in the background. [Laughter] But overall -- I mean, the bottom line -- somebody said, well, they couldn't have been that bad because here we are -- we're President.
The government will work for citizens once again.
So, a couple of examples, you remember what happened in Indiana recently with Carrier Air Conditioning, right? They fired all their employees. They said we're moving to Mexico. Congratulations. It was captured, this firing, on somebody's beautiful cell phone.
So we're working very hard. The fact is, we need more Republicans because the Democrats are obstructionists, they won't vote. They're total obstructionist. They don't want to vote.
Heroin. So, my first victory as a candidate, number one, was New Hampshire, which is a beautiful, beautiful place. Beautiful trees, beautiful meadows, beautiful little roads. And I got to know the people of New Hampshire very well, and I did unbelievable. We won in a landslide in New Hampshire. That was at the beginning when we had all these people competing.
Chuck, thank you very much. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. About time you get rid of that governor of yours. And the president of New Hampshire Federation of Republican Women, Elizabeth Girard. Elizabeth, Elizabeth. Thank you. Good job. Thanks as well to New Hampshire Moms for America action and their commitment.
They fight. And they were equal, militarily. They go this way, 10 feet. They go this way, 10 feet then they rest. A couple of years, then they start fighting again. Then Saddam Hussein throws a little gas. Everyone goes crazy always using gas. They go back forth. It's the same.
We're going to get our best. You know, we have the greatest negotiators in the world. We have the best. We use political hacks to negotiate with China. With China, we are losing right now $500 billion. With a B, billion dollars a year. OK, that's our trade deficit. We have a trade deficit of China with China -- 500 billion.
This is a big one. This is a very important election. Has anybody not voted? Raise your hand. Not that bad. But you're going to vote right? You're going to vote. That's not bad though. That's probably 10 percent didn't vote and I have no doubt that you're going to vote for DeSantis and Rick Scott. Right?
That's what they're doing. They're protecting our ICE agents. They're protecting the police in Los Angeles. The head of the police in Los Angeles, a good man. I hear a good man, but he was actually saying we really did need this help. It had gotten away from them. It had long gotten away, and we gave it to him.
If I were a psychiatrist -- Right? No, I would say -- I would say this guy has got some big issues. Hanging down. Congressman, give me your mask I want to have hanging from my -- I don't want to touch your damn mask. Mike, I will never touch your mask. No, but the new one is you know I went for a physical the doctor said to me, sir would you like to go over to Walter Reed?
And if I do a neutral, something neutral, it worked out OK, they're great now -- It's like give him the electric chair. That was terrible, right? No, this is the worst. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump"] These people and the Democrats, they are partners. It's a partnership. How about in the newscast like the word manufactured.
So I'd have to talk about Paul's. But the one that just talk about Paul's but the one that just talk about Paul's but the one that just came out of New Hampshire has as way way came out of New Hampshire has as way way came out of New Hampshire has as way, way up. Because of the debate, because of what up because of the debate because of what up because of the debate, because of what I did, people respected that we don't - I did people respected that we don't - I did people respected that.
Your hopes are my hopes. Your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day. And now, I have a great companion in JD Vance. How good was he the other night? How good? [Applause] He was great. [Audience chants "JD"] He was great. But from the very beginning of this journey, I've been on a mission to rescue our country from a failed and very corrupt political establishment, very corrupt.
Last year, against some pretty strong opposition, which I'll always have, we secured $700 billion to support our warfighters, followed by another $716 billion -- not million -- billion. That's with a "B." [Laughter] Seven hundred and sixteen billion dollars this year. That means we are delivering 56 new Air Force F-35s, brand new stealth.
The people in this community never -- you go to the banks and it's very, very hard. Don't worry, I'm talking about the big banks. I'm not talking about you. Your -- your bank is wonderful. But, you know, they've taken this -- they've taken these tremendous subsidies -- tremendous subsidies from the government, and now what they're doing is sitting on them and then not loaning money for those.
Actually, as you know, they just lost the White House, but it's one of those things. But who knows? Who knows? I may even decide to beat them for a third time, OK? Beat them for a third time. Joe Biden defunded the border wall and stopped all future construction, even on small open sections that just needed to be finished up, routine little work.
And remember this because I have the endorsement of, I think, every major law enforcement and minor law enforcement group in the country. We have a lot of Democrats who left their party and they came over, law enforcement people. I can almost tell you by looking -- look at this group over here. I know the law enforcement people, nobody has been better.
And I thought he'd bring the country together. And honestly, there's probably a divide right now in the country the likes of which we haven't seen for many years. You know it better than I do.
I don't want to put them, I don't want to put them to a strong test. I don't want to do that and we did the right thing. And we were given credit for doing the right thing. Interestingly, by doing what I did, that story is all over the world right now that we made the right decision under a great deal of pressure that that was a great decision.
You know, they put up an eighth of an ounce here, an eighth of an ounce there and it's 218 pounds or whatever a lot. And it hadn't been broken in 19 years. And then a guy walks up who transitioned, he transitioned, and he knocked out that record by about 100 pounds. That would be a record, not going to be broken again in a long -- so we put a ban on it. And to protect women.
I'd take that if we had three, right? If they had three we'd take the 42, but we certainly take it where we have 15 people. So it's been an amazing, it's been an amazing run and I've really enjoyed it. People say to me you know, what have you learned? And one of the things I learned, Scott, and you probably learned this too, I hope you have because to me, it's been a great experience.
Get up here, Mario. Come on up here, Mario. He's going to get through Secret Service. Come on up. Look at that. They love you, Mario. You made them all rich, right? You made them rich as hell, Mario, along with Mike Cargol and Steve Allaire. Where is Steve? I met -- I just saw the most beautiful picture, and I signed it for you.
Again, South Carolina we will never forget you. We will never forget you. We will never, ever forget South Carolina. We will never forget our great volunteers.
So they are sending them out, and they're saying, "You can never come back," because they're letting the bad people. We're going to stop that, and we're going to deport and we have no choice. Dwight Eisenhower was so far the biggest deporter. He was president that hated to see what was happening. He had a lot of people pouring into our country.
We're also going to very importantly appoint justices to the Supreme Court... [Applause]
[Applause] We are defending a cherished legacy, and we are preserving a beautiful way of life passed down from mothers and fathers to sons and daughters, from generation to generation. You are the keepers of this noble tradition. You are the guardians of this majestic heritage. We are standing up for the men and women who work the fields, till the soil, and harvest the land.
We're joined tonight by a great group of people, warriors, really warriors. He came to me a couple of years ago said, sir, I want to run for Governor. I said, Ron, I don't know. Do they know you well enough? But he was a great defender and a brilliant guy, Harvard, Yale, top of his class, smart as hell. Nobody knows how smart, don't tell too many people.
I'm going to fight for every citizen of every background from every stretch of this nation. I'm going to fight for every child living in poverty. I'm going to fight for every mom and every dad who lost her or his child to illegal immigration and drugs and gang violence which is all over this country. I'm going to fight for every community whose jobs and factories have been ripped out of your states like Ohio and shipped to other countries like Mexico and many, many more.
That's where I grew up, my father built homes in Brooklyn and Queens and that's how he started and he worked very hard building garages. He started of building garages because the car was sort of coming into vogue and people had houses but they didn't have any place to store their car.
I say, "Harris." Everybody said, "Who the hell is Harris?" I don't know what it is with that name, but it doesn't catch on. Can you believe Kamala catches on better than Harris? Who would believe this? But Kamala was flying them in, and she didn't want to tell anybody. She wanted to keep it secret, but we saw planes all over the place.
I don't know, I like a little more experience. I think we could certainly go longer than 6 years, but many, many people -- but I think we have some good candidates taking their place.
But the difference is we have to give 6 billion. 6 billion! Does anyone know what a billion is? $ 6 billion. It's like it's water. And we have now, our country is a perceived, we're really a country that's looked at with this tremendous perceived weakness with a grossly incompetent and corrupt president.
So fully repeal Obamacare and replace it with patient-centered reforms that are totally affordable and much better. So we'll have better healthcare at a much lower price. [Applause]
I ran twice. I won twice and did much better the second time than I did the first, getting millions and millions more votes than we did in 2016 and likewise getting more votes than any sitting president in the history of our country by far. And now, we may just have to do it again. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]
And he's a great guy. But, you know, why would he? And he wouldn't. And they actually their representatives laughed and smiled at me. They said, "We will not do that." A woman in the State Department, she worked on Mexico for 25 years, and she was very good. But she said, "They'll never approve that. We've been asking for that stuff for years." I said, "I'll make you a bet." And she said, "Well, you're not going to win.
"We want open borders."
And Justice Barrett will defend our rights, will defend our liberties and our God-given freedom. She's gonna be fantastic. And she's a terrific person. Joe Biden, Kamala. Do you like Kamala? Do you like her to be your vice president? No. [Audience boos] If he gets elected, three weeks into his presidency they'll say, "Kamala, you ready?
You know, I believe in that. Like, I mean, Jack Nicklaus is not going to produce a bad golfer, right? You know, that's the way it works. It's just one of those things. And it's in the family, and it's whatever. But we have to save this country. We better save this country. And the biggest -- and the biggest problem we have -- one of the biggest problems is them because if we had an honest and honorable press, my job would be so much easier.
We'll rebuild our military, take care of our vets. Our veterans will be finally taken proper care of. How many vets do we have here? [Applause]
Some people wanna have gasoline-powered, some people wanna have hybrids, maybe even someday hydrogen, right now I don't like it because when they blow up, they don't ever find the body. [Audience laughs]
It's unbelievable. It's so sad to see. So many things, that's one. Look at what's happening with North Korea. Remember when I first came in we were going to war with North Korea. War is inevitable. Nuclear war we're talking about. And he's pretty well stocked up. And I got along with him. It started off a little rough, but we got along great.
Look at what happened with the aid for certain things. Look at what happened with the votes that he gave to New York. Guess what? He didn't give them to New York. He was against New York. And remember, Kasich NAFTA disaster. It took you jobs and he voted for it and was in favor of it. And they both want TPP, that's Trans Pacific Partnership.
They're going to stay right here, OK, 100% they're going to stay right here. And so we're going to do things and just Mr. Mayor, first of all, congratulations, I hear you do a great job. So congratulations, really. But unfortunately, 99% of the country has got problems. You know when you hear about the 5% unemployment rate, it's sad that they can even get away with it because the real rate could be 25%. Some people think it's 42% but you have tens of millions of people that have given up looking for a job.
Can you imagine. That's when you're really hitting big. When you're on the cover of Time Magazine you don't even know you're going to be on the cover. That's good. But they had like this ramp. They had a wall like this and they had a ramp built over the wall and then another ramp and they have trucks going over the ramp and they're loaded up with drugs.
Since 2000, the number of unemployed people in Fairfield has more than doubled. Good luck, folks. By the way, relax. Don't move. The good news is you can't move because you can't get anything for your House so don't worry about it. Can't sell your house. Not like you're gonna be offered a fortune for your house.
And the fake news media doesn't even talk about it? If that were a Republican on stead, it would be the biggest scandal in history. It would be the equivalent of nothing else, and they don't even talk about it. They cannot talk -- 325,000 for you, people, are missing. Think of that, are missing. And probably will never be seen again, most of them.
So if one of the country misbehaves, you can't do anything because you're so locked up and it is very complex agreement. And believe me, it's just like Obamacare. Thousands of pages and nobody in Congress read it. And now, it's a disaster and we will repeal it and replace it with something fabulous. OK? All right?
And I want to thank -- I want to thank their founder and ask their founder, Travis Steffens, to please come up and say a few words. Please, Travis. Thank you, Travis. You know, Tony got a much bigger hand than the boss, right? Much bigger.
She had a rally today. She couldn't have had more than 100 people there. And I had all four stadiums were full. But she had a rally, and she was screaming, "We're going to win, we're going to win." And they wouldn't follow her. They wouldn't say it. Did you see that clip? I'd like to put it up. The problem is I don't put up too many clips.
But it'll save your family a yearly fortune and give you a much better way of life. You're losing your way of life. I will then go to every foreign country where we're paying billions and billions of dollars for their military defense as I was doing before, and tell them that if they do not massively increase their purchases of Ford, Chevys, GMs, and Jeeps, our troops are packing up and we're coming home.
In 10 years, in 20 years, in 30 years and maybe for some, in 40 and 50 years you're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. You're going to remember this day. This is a movement like no one in this country has ever seen before. We have a big crowd today but we have big crowds everywhere.
They go out there looking for him. They knew he left. Everybody with him knew he left because he was all whacked out and a believer in them, not us. So they knew he left. So knowing that, in fact they had a colonel and I believe a general talking to the people that knew him.
[Inaudible] I spent a lot of money. I spent 40 million box for [Inaudible]. At least 40 million. I spent the least and I'm winning by a lot. Right? [Audience cheering] Other people -- other people have spent the most and they got knocked down bad. Bad. Now you tell me who do you want to have as a president?
We took out the world's No. 1 terrorist and mass murderer, Soleimani. I withdrew from last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear catastrophe. What a deal that was $150 billion, $1.8 billion in cash, did you ever see what $1.8 billion in cash? It's planeloads. These guys over there, they must've said what the hell is this?
He said he was smart." Yeah. He's smart. They make it like I shouldn't say that. No, he's smart. They're all smart. And when they deal with our people, I'm being nice when I say that, our people, meaning our leader and others, they can't believe what's happening. They cannot believe this has happened to the United States.
What a job. Where are you? Come up. Just come up. Wave to everybody very quickly because you have done an incredible job, and thank you very much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Former state GOP chair Jane Timken, a friend of mine and a wonderful woman. Hello, Jane. There you are. I'm looking for Jane. I called her before.
Bill has a different view. Oh, did he suffer. Can you imagine when he walked home to that beautiful home in Westchester and he said, oh, Hillary, how was your day? [Laughter]
These records are just getting obliterated. Some women are being badly injured by the windburn that's caused by the man going so much faster. The wind is blowing. It's just terrible. These records are being obliterated. It's so unfair. But who would even think that you can allow this? Who would say that this is OK? These people are sick.
And now, he's going to be campaigning for Crooked Hillary Clinton. OK. He's going to be campaigning. So I look at what's going on. I see what's happening. And I've had a lot of vision. I've had some pretty good vision. I said don't go into Iraq. You're going to destabilize the Middle East. They went into Iraq.
These are two nuclear nations and they're really going at it. And I called Prime Minister Modi, I said, "We can't make a trade deal with you." "No, no, we must make a trade deal." I said, "No, we can't. You're starting a war with Pakistan, we're not gonna do it." And then I called Pakistan, I said, "We're not gonna do trade with you because you're, you're fighting with India." And you know, two nuclear nations.
It won't happen. My first -- Thank you. And the other night, I will say, with some of the congressmen and women, they wanted that so badly. That was so important to them. You know, I was impressed that they knew what the hell it was, to be honest with you. Please, sir. Please. The Central Bank digital currency, well, you have to make sure it's -- and I'm saying.
And he would go into these colleges. All of a sudden, within two years, three years, they turned into bastions of conservatism. It was really quite amazing to see. They lied about him because they did not want you to listen to him or to learn from him, because what he was talking about and even preaching made so much sense everywhere he went.
Finally, and we can't forget these people, I especially want to salute the moms and the dads and troop leaders who are here tonight. Thank you for making scouting possible. Thank you, mom and dad -- troop leaders.
New York, look -- look what they're doing in New York, what they're doing to our beautiful New York. Oh, it's so sad, but you just take a look at what's going on in North Carolina, they want to open, they want to open, they want to open in Michigan so badly. They want to open, they want to have football, they want to have their schools open, and it's a shame what's going on.
Nobody ever told me the swamp was so deep, nobody ever said it was so vicious. But, you know what? We're here together, we're here, there not. We're doing very well, and they are not happy but we're gonna have a tremendous win and that's gonna be the end of it. Then they're gonna say, they're gonna be exhausted, they are gonna be.
Well, we did have hats because we made them that said, "Where is Hunter? Where is Hunter?" Holy -- where he turned out to be. He was in some dark places. But is this going to be where they go and indict your opponent? Is this going to be -- the next president's going to say,"Hey, listen, my opponent is doing really well all over the place." Look at the crowds we have.
Big provision. If you love your children, it's great. If you don't love your children, it's irrelevant. Don't leave the money to them. But, you know, in years gone by, great farmers -- they have a good land, good everything -- but they don't make that much cash. It's a tough business, right? And the banks would come in, loan money to the children, and the banks would end up owning the property and all hell was going on. It was terrible.
Couldn't have happened three years ago. Couldn't have even happened. But it won't happen with me. Not even a chance. Just like Russia would never have invaded Ukraine. Never. Never ever. And by the way, they didn't. You know, a lot of Democrats even say, I got to say, Trump kept him. They didn't. They didn't even come close.
What she did was so wrong. What other people did, far less, and they're paying a tremendous price right now. In other words, she was willing to risk our foreign enemies reading her emails as long as the voting American public could not. Her conduct was willful intentional and unlawful. And her repeated false statements, about her conduct, prove that she was fully aware of her guilt, she knew it, she's probably the most surprised person that she was able to get away with it.
I don't like using a name, but it just seemed, we used to say Sleepy Joe. We could call them both, but I think Crooked Joe Biden is better. I took it away from Hillary. Now we call her beautiful Hillary. She's a beautiful woman. We call her beautiful Hillary. It's a beautiful woman. Great beauty and We took it away.
It's a terrible -- terrible things are happening in Mexico. But we're going to put a tariff on Mexico if they don't immediately stop sending that horrible stuff into this country. And likewise, we're doing it with China. If China doesn't stop -- you know, I had a deal with President Xi. He was going to give the death penalty because, in China, they give the death penalty.
I never done this before and it takes guts. And on June 16th, I said, look, you know, we're just going to do this and I'll never forget standing at the top of that now famous escalator. Because you've seen that picture with myself coming down with Melania and I'll never forget looking down into that vast basement, vast, we call it, the garden level.
The Democrat candidate wants to open your borders and we're fighting like hell with the worst laws to get those borders closed. The wall is being built as we speak, we'll have almost 500 miles of wall by the end of next year. It's terrible, terrible. Look at that. Can you get him up here? Get him up here, come on. Look at this guy.
That happened two weeks ago. General Petraeus destroyed their lives for doing nothing by comparison. How about the young man took pictures of his submarine? He wanted to have some pictures. The submarine is not like it's a brand new submarine; it's many years old.
That was a good job. He'll be running for office soon. You watch. [Laughter] Thank you very much, Taylor.
Amazon. Do you know how little tax Amazon pays? So he uses the Washington Post to protect Amazon from taxes, OK? That's all it is, folks. And they go crazy. They write on average like eight stories a day on me. I have so many stories I can't even read them. I can't even read the good ones when they happen which is seldom, which is seldom.
Eighteen years ago, they made more money than they make today. And today, they're working two jobs in many cases, also partly because of Obamacare
He wasn't even -- the voice is very powerful. It's like this scary voice. And Comey was sitting. "Did you leak it?" "Yes, I did." I said, "He just said he leaked it." You're the only one who could have gotten him to say that, right? That was the beginning of a real mess, let me tell you. But while also visiting all 99 Iowa counties every single year, and he's done it every single year.
It's going to be incredible, so it's going to be a great vaccine and we have Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, Moderna, another one just announced today. These are great, great, great companies. On November 3rd Virginia will decide, whether we end the pandemic and return to record prosperity or whether we allow Joe Biden to kill the recovery, delay, the vaccine, impose a $4 trillion tax hike on you; that's what he wants to do, ban American energy; he wants to ban fracking.
She doesn't. This is not a president. Four more years of this stuff and I'll tell you, we're not going to have a country left, believe me. And if I win, believe me, make America great again and it's gonna to be greater than ever before. We have a chance to be greater than ever before. Greater than ever before.
We believe that ordinary Americans know better than Washington how to spend their own money, and we want to help them take home as much of their money as possible and then spend it. [Applause]
Nobody thought this was going to happen. It turns out that I'm the peace president. Nobody thought that. Remember? They used to say, "He'll be in war." Remember? They said North Korea. You would've been, had Hillary won, crooked Hillary, you'd be in war, in nuclear war with North Korea. What ever happened to that war?
It's the greatest fighting jet ever done and, you know, they're testing all these planes. All the companies are testing and this one tested like through the roof. And they said we'd like to name it the F-47. I said let me think about it. Then after thinking for about two seconds, I said OK. You know that means 47, I'm 47. So, I'm 45, 46 and 47, you know, if you think about it, I just don't want the credit for 46. I don't want to have their open borders and people coming in from all over the world including jails and mental institutions.
They're going crazy. So you have to go out on November 6th or sooner -- who voted? Who voted? Oh, wow! Everybody voted already? No kidding. Let me see it again. Who voted? Then what the hell am I doing here tonight? Goodbye. What am I doing here? Boy. That's like 100 percent of the people in this room voted.
But do you think that was easy getting that by the unions? Do you think that was easy getting that passed by civil service? Not too easy. We got it passed. Somebody does something bad to our veterans, we fire them on the spot. And we secured $716 billion to fully rebuild the American military. And we gave our great warriors their largest pay raise in almost a decade.
But maybe they just don't understand it yet, okay, maybe they don't understand it yet. Okay, maybe they don't understand it yet. Okay. Maybe they don't understand it yet, understand it yet, understand it yet, but maybe the - maybe the police could, but maybe the - maybe the police could. But maybe the - maybe the police could move them away, so we can all hear move them away.
Tom Homan, you know, Brandon Judd, all of those guys. They've all endorsed me. And they said she's the worst, the worst. I mean, it's hard for them to say that. But, you know, they said there's never been anybody so incompetent. For three and a half years, border czar Harris has allowed terrorists and criminals to pour across our wide open border.
Right? Do you agree, Mike? So, just to finish up, starting on day one, we will end inflation and make America affordable again. We will have no tax on tips, no tax on tips. And, boy, this is good for you because I know exactly where you make your money. I used to have to pay that damn overtime. It would cost a fortune.
I want it. That's all he is. Because let me tell you something, Chris Christie. Chris Christie who endorsed me was doing much better than Kasich. Think of this, Ben Carson, Dr. Ben Carson, Mendez guy, who endorsed me was doing much better than Kasich. Marco Rubio, a very good guy. I have to tell you, he, Marco Rubio who is -- has many more delegates right now than Kasich and he's been running a much -- he did much better than Kasich and you had numerous other people that were doing better than Kasich or would have if they said I'm not getting out.
If you want to stop drugs coming into this country and, therefore, stop a major portion of crime, because a large portion of crime is caused by drugs, you'll have to do what I say, and you really have no other choice but to do what I'm suggesting you do, and it's got to be done soon. It's got to be done now.
[Applause] But we've been over there folks for 15 years and we're beyond zero, if you think. We are in worse shape now than we were 15 years ago, right? If our politicians went to the beach and did nothing, we'd be in better shape. Saddam Hussein. Saddam Hussein, no good guy and all of them, no good. But they kill terrorists.
No, it's supposed to be the opposite. With her tie breaking vote on what I call the inflation-creation act, it's supposed to call the Inflation Reduction Act, remember? And they admitted it was a scam. It's not a name because it had nothing to do with inflation except raising it. It was really a way of getting money for the green new scam.
You proved why Iowa should continue to vote first in the nation. That's right. First in the nation. And Jeff understands that. Right, Jeff? First in the nation, Jeff. And just this week, the latest the Boyne register poll showed that Biden is at a record low 31% approval in Iowa. Who the hell are the 31%? Is there anybody here that voted?
That's going to revolutionize your industry. This will stimulate massive domestic auto production and make car ownership dramatically more affordable for millions and millions of working American families. This is a phenomenal thing, if I do say so myself. Who likes that idea? Isn't that great? [Audience responds affirmatively] Likewise, to help small businesses afford the work vehicles they need to get the job done, we will double the amount of equipment investment they can deduct under Section 179.
And when caught, Hillary deleted an acid-washed 33,000 emails in defiance of a Congressional subpoena. She already had the subpoena. And her aide smashed and destroyed iPhones with a hammer, yet the FBI and DOJ protected her. They did absolutely nothing. In Hillary's case, the FBI and DOJ largely did not issue subpoenas.
That was when the fights had the championship rounds. It was unbelievable. Like maybe Roberto Duran, and he was a little bit behind and he was a great champion. And they said the same thing as I -- very similar except they were a little more violent about it, as they smack him. They're smacking him. Roberto, this is for your family.
And I'm going to figure a way that we can get you back your freedom of speech that was taken away. [Applause] You know, this wasn't -- this wasn't taken away as part of our Constitution when our great forefathers went out and wrote it. This was Lyndon Johnson in the 1970s. OK? So this isn't something that we need great legal dialogue on.
You'll see it in a second. You're winning. You're winning in a landslide for the next one. You're doing great. You're beating the republicans by insurmountable numbers and you're beating Joe Biden by a lot. Think to the future, sir." And I say that you never can think totally to the future until we solve the past because if we don't solve the past, the same thing's going to happen again, right?
And these guys said, we don't want to do it. And I said, they want open borders. Nobody believed it. Why would they want open borders? They either hate the country or they're stupid, and they're not stupid, because anybody that could cheat on elections the way they do is not stupid. So they either hate the country or they're stupid.
When is that, next week or this week? How about this week? There's definitely no doubt that Hillary should have perhaps been charged. They decided not to even think about it. The document hoax is just that, it's a hoax and a charade, and I'm being unjustly, illegally, and unconstitutionally targeted. It's a violation of the Fourth Amendment.
It's probably less expensive, but much more importantly we take care of our vets. You had vets getting in line. By the time they saw the doctor they became terminally ill. They actually would become terminally ill waiting for so long. So, now they get out, immediately see a doctor, and recently we just got a 91% approval rating for the way we're running the VA, the vets, from the vets.
We have no choice. And other countries have no choice because other countries are in the exact same situation with immigration. It's destroying your country, and you have to do something about it. On the world stage, America is respected again like it has never been respected before. You think about two years ago, three years ago, four years ago or one year ago, we were a laughingstock all over the world.
It was so simple to me. And actually, they sent a group from the White House to see me because I got so much publicity. So much publicity, that they sent a group from the White House, see Mr. Trump. See me. I said, fellas, you're going to have Iran take over the Middle East. And that's what's happening. And Iran's going to take over Iraq, as sure as you're sitting there.
One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country is the savage Venezuelan prison gang. Isn't that nice? They formed a group in prison. Tren de Aragua. It's very well known. MS-13 is another one. That's taking over apartment complexes in Colorado and unleashing a violent killing spree all over America.
It's so embarrassing, and the world is watching. And you know, when you pay $6 billion, all of a sudden, people are going to be disappearing from the streets all over the place. And it's a very bad precedent that's being set in many ways including the weaponization of our government. You know, I could have done that with Hillary Clinton.
I'm saying, do we put all of this into a filing, it's like with wheelbarrows. If you aren't planning to vote by mail, vote early, in person, or vote on election day. Whatever you do, I need each of you, every one of you, your friends, your family, to go and vote. And after we win, we need to pass landmark election reform, including voter ID.
Everybody said couldn't be done. I said, "All right, First Lady, that's the first story on NBC, but don't worry." that's a big story. You know, the floods are big. Well, I got -- I see it. And then there was a second story about something, and then a third story about something with me. I don't know, something bad they found out.
The most beautiful airport I've ever seen. Most beautiful I've ever seen. And he actually showed me where they have a spa so the people before they get onto the plane can go to the spa, they can get massages, they can do all sorts of things. I never saw anything like this. And I said to him, "This is the single most beautiful airport I've ever seen." He goes, "No, no, no, no, no, you don't understand.
So just relax. Riding to the rescue. We're gonna bring jobs back. We're gonna bring everything. According to your recent report, Connecticut is among the states where it is the hardest for job seekers to find jobs. Oh boy. And 40% of part time workers in Connecticut would prefer instead to have a full time job.
We're leading and I think we're leading big. And I think on November 8th it will even be bigger. [Applause] Real change also means restoring honesty to our government. As you know, the FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton.
That used to be a big event. They don't cover it anymore. It's really unfair. But it's been -- by the way, have we all had a great time, though? This journey. This journey, right? This journey has been amazing. You know, I tell the story -- a month before I ran, I said to my wife, "Well, I'm thinking about it." Said to a couple, "Eh, I'm thinking about it." Didn't think too much about it. I thought about it like a day before I ran.
That if we do this, the Democrats will use national emergency powers for something that we don't want. They're going to do that anyway, folks. The best way to stop that is to make sure that I win the election. That's the best way to stop that. They're going to do it anyway. They'll do it anyway.
But that's going to work out. That's going to work out. Taking in billions and billions of dollars in taxes from China. Never happened before. But they want to make a deal. And that's good, because I like them, and I like their president. President Xi. And we're going to make a deal, I believe. After years of -- but a fair deal.
I mean, I'm pretty good at this stuff. And I said, you're going to have some protests. And by the way, in Dayton, other than him, it was so beautiful. In Cleveland it was beautiful. It was so beautiful. The whole -- the crowd was massive. You know, this one is packed but it's a much smaller venue and that's why so many people can't get in, they're outside.
I want to start with a man I watched today on Fox, and he was terrific -- Jeff Norris. Jeff, come on up. [Applause] We know Jeff. So we know every employee has already received a $1,000 bonus, and they've gotten a lot of tax -- really lower tax -- so they're doing a lot better. But Jeff, why don't you tell us a little bit more about your plans for the future of the company, and also what you have in mind for the money, which is going to be a lot, that you save on taxes.
In the 1940s we saved the world. The greatest generation beat back the Nazis and Japanese imperialists. Then we saved the world again. This time, from totalitarianism and communism. The Cold War lasted for decades but, guess what, we won and we won big. Democrats and Republicans working together got Mr. Gorbachev to heed the words of President Reagan, our great president, when he said, tear down this wall. [Applause]
This is all over the world, human trafficking. It's a terrible, terrible thing and we're going to solve it. You know most of it comes through in this country, our southern border, where we don't have the wall. They're not going through our points, they're not going through areas where we have security, where we have guards where we have gates where we have all sorts of equipment.
How about his son? Do you think the son, maybe there's a conflict? How about his son? Where's Hunter? Where is Hunter? Where is Hunter, does anybody know? Where's Hunter? He's in another country right now, probably ripping off another country. Now, as soon as Biden became Vice President bad things happened with respect to Hunter.
You will have a true and loyal friend in the White House. Whether you vote for me or whether you vote for someone else, I will be your greatest champion. I will not let you down. I am running to be a president for all Americans, and I've been especially humbled to have the support of so many of our men and women in uniform. [Applause]
We're crushing the terrorists. We're taking care of our vets. We love our vets. Love our vets. Our military is stronger than ever before, $700 billion. And the forgotten men and women of the United States are forgotten no more.
That's a lot of money. You don't have to imagine what a Harris presidency would look like. You're living through the misery right now, except it will get worse, and you're paying the price, a price like nobody has ever paid. And we're disrespected all over the world as a country. We were respected before.
Great people.
We will evict Crooked Joe Biden from the White House, and we will take back our country on November 5th, 2024. The great silent majority is rising like never before, and under our leadership, the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
saying, "No, no, crime has gone down." I said, "No, no, it's gone through the roof. Crime has gone through the roof, David." "No, no, crime has gone down." I said it's gone through the roof. And then he goes, "I disagree with that." The next day they announced the crime was up like 40%. This guy is -- the whole thing is so -- it's so bad.
This is before the tragedy of the two planes, where Boeing went from the greatest company in the world to a company that was troubled. But this was before. And Dennis called me. He said, "Sir, you have to sign." I said, "I'm not signing. It's got to have a three on the front of it. Not a five." I didn't know anything.
And as Vice President Kamala Harris cast the tie-breaking vote to cut, as you know, Medicare by $273 billion -- she -- she cast a vote to cut Medicare. Nobody knows that. She doesn't want people to know that. Now, what she's doing is she's running away from Israel. She refuses to go to Bibi Netanyahu, who is in Washington.
You were guaranteed. I got indicted more than he did, sir. But they're bullshit indictments, I'll tell you. You know what I call them? They're Biden indictments. No, they've weaponized the DOJ. They go after their political opponent. Now, in this particular case, it didn't work out so well. So, our polls are at record numbers.
They look into the mics, then they lose, and then they go onto the next one. It's disgusting. If they use the same energy to go and make our country great, it would be an incredible thing. But I don't know if they can do that. But I ran twice. I won twice and did much better the second time than I did the first, getting millions and millions of more votes than in 2016 and likewise getting more votes than any sitting president in the history of our country by far, and now we may have to do it again.
They don't even know the check comes in. They'll never see the check. I -- you know, there are a lot of -- lot of people would give it up, I mean, for the good of the country. It's almost like give it up. I want to do that. I don't know if anybody's even talked about it. I've never heard it, but I have friends and they all say, "We don't want it, let's give it up." You have a lot of people would do it, and you do it on the basis of spirit for the country because we have to keep Social Security for the people that really need it. So important.
Wherever the hell Brad. My Brad. where the hell is that guy? He's the greatest. But he was there right from -- I think he's the first person that endorsed me in the whole country, the whole country. So I happen to love him. See, I'm very loyal to people like that, you know? But think of it. So it's DeSanctimonious.
Terrible person to do that but he did it and -- but he had a wife who was a good wife, La Belle, and he named the boat after her, the yacht. And he was riding high. Everything was good. Now, he's getting a little older, he's still in retirement, lost his momentum. Remember the word. And Gulf and Western comes back and they're dying.
You're wasting your time. We have to get rid of the filibuster rule. Right now, we need 60 votes and we have 52 Republicans.
For some reason, they like Long Island. MS-13 loves Long Island. I don't know what that's all about. But two young girls walking to school, 16 years old in the morning, they were accosted by a group of MS-13 thugs. And they don't use guns as much. They use knives. They like using knives and they cut them up, cut them into pieces and left them and killed them, cut them up into pieces, little pieces.
So our Navy, as you know, has one of the lowest numbers of ships that they've had in decades and decades. And we've got to rebuild our Navy. We've got to rebuild our whole military, folks, and we're going to do it... [Applause]
And we've now spent -- think of this -- $8 trillion in the Middle East. Thousands of American soldiers have lost their lives and tens of thousands more have been severely wounded. And the hardest thing I have to do as President -- single hardest thing, by far -- is sending letters to the families of our fallen heroes.
A number of these reforms that I will outline tonight will reforms that I will outline tonight will reforms that I will outline tonight will be opposed by some of our nation's most be opposed by some of our nation's most be opposed by some of our nation's most Powerful special interests, that's powerful special interests, that's powerful special interests.
That's what you had to do by law and if you don't do that, they arrest the Border Patrol people. Do you believe this? The Border Patrol people were in more danger than the criminal aliens coming in, and some of these people are not good people. Somebody -- remember the caravans coming up, we call them caravans, and they're interviewing the people.
-- everybody. Thank you. I love you too, but it is true. Early on I said, "How are we doing in Alabama?" "Sir, you're up about 45 points." This was before I knew any, I didn't know what the hell it even meant. "45 points. That sounds good." We're up at the numbers that nobody's ever seen before. We've never gone down, now we're up higher than we ever were.
But it's all the same. The incompetence the gross incompetence I look at the 10 sailors. They're off course a little bit. We just made a deal. The way they humiliated those sailors and humiliated our country. So many things, so many things. And I said. I love our country. So I went from an insider to the ultimate outsider.
But I wanted to make sure -- so I got it. And then I started raising money for the Republican Party. and we raised a lot of money. We started really on June 14th, Flag Day, my birthday. My birthday. [Applause]
But you look at the votes that we just tabulated and they were left today. Look at all the counties, I won almost all of them. Except Detroit was so egregious, it was phony. Ah, Look at what's going on in Wisconsin. Wisconsin they're finding tremendous discrepancy. You just take a look at that, tremendous discrepancy.
Can you maybe pull it back a little bit, Mr. President?" And I said, "No, I can't, Ron, I'm sorry." He said, "I thought you'd say that." We're going to keep winning. We've never been winning like we're winning now. You've never had better numbers. You've never had, I think, more loyalty. You look at what's happening to this state ,and you look at what's happening to this country and we're proud again, we're proud again.
I would have gone and I would have said listen, the 150 billion, sorry, we don't have it. Do I ever tell you the story -- my father, he thought I was a little bit rough around the edges. He said son, you've got to take the lumps out, the lumps. You've got to be a little softer. So in the old days, I would have said we're not giving you the $150 billion, you know, there'll be a lot of anger and it takes longer to heal.
Sir, there seems to be a problem or a misunderstanding. I said, yeah, there is a misunderstanding. You're not taking your MS-13 people that you sent into our country. You're not taking them back, and I'm going to not give any money to your country forever. You're never getting 10 cents. And in all cases, they said something to the effect, "Sir, it is so bad that I didn't know about this. I wish I would've known about it. We would love to take MS-13 back into our country. We love them very much. We will take them back, sir."
I think the earliest endorsement they ever gave. And Wayne and Kris and all the people at the NRA, my son Don and, and Eric, they're members, so am I a member. But I'll tell you what. They're good people. Wayne, Chris, the whole group, I've gotten to know them so well. They're great people. They want what's good for this country, first.
I really believe that. The guy can't speak without the teleprompter. Although I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I think -- She says [Inaudible] I hope you're right. I hope. Thank you. I hope you're right. I tell you the country can't afford it. One thing I've learned is that President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, Kim Jong-un, North Korea; every one of these leaders, they're not shot.
It was a perfect phone call. You know, that phone call turned out to be -- absolutely, nobody's ever seen -- everything I said was right about "Please study -- if there's any corruption, please report it to the Attorney General of the United States, etc." It turned out to be exactly right. A lot of people are saying right now, they've got to undo even the theory of those -- because those indictments were fake, just like everything else.
He's a fighter. He's a warrior like you've never seen. People don't know about Jim Jordan, that he was a great wrestler. In high school, and this is something it's almost hard to understand because as a freshman and if you're wrestling seniors, a freshman can't beat a senior. He went undefeated in all of high school.
So we give the equipment to people that we think are working with us. You know the old story's been going on for years and the bullets fired in the air, they dropped the equipment and run. Brand new Humvees, brand new everything. And he's saying we have older equipment and they have beautiful new stuff. And it really bothers the hell out of them.
Now, they'll say, Donald Trump loves China -- loves China more than he loves the United States. These people but -- so you have to be careful what you say.
They are sick. That's why this Tuesday, you need to elect America first champion Bernie Moreno to the US Senate. Bernie, if I could, I'd like to have you come up and say a few words, please. Thank you.
A new day begins for America and it starts on November 8th. Get out and vote. [Applause]
They said, "We'll never let that happen again." They don't want to let that happen again. And they'll cheat, and they'll do whatever they have to do. And the biggest thing we have to do, we cannot let them cheat on election period. We used to call it Election Day. It should be back to Election Day, but we have to say election period.
The great thing is they make our criminals look like really nice people. These people are so much more vicious, they'd cut you up, and they don't even think about it the next day. These beautiful ladies in the -- these ladies in the front are going, "Geez, this is really -- this is a rather depressing speech he's making."
And I see again, the forest fires are starting. They're starting again in California. I said, "You got to clean your floors. You got to clean your forests." They have many, many years of leaves and broken trees. And they're like, so flammable. You touch them and it goes up. I've been telling them this now for three years, but they don't want to listen.
Think of it 30%, 32%, 34%. And I predicted it would only get worse. And then I was named -- a long time ago, I was named -- did you know this? A long time, I don't know, your Chamber of Commerce, somebody, who the hell knows what it is, they named me the Man of the Year in Michigan. And I got up, and I said, they're stealing your car business.
Where are he and Michelle campaigning today? Where are they? Wouldn't you rather see them like in that White House figuring out how to knock the hell out of ISIS? Wouldn't you rather have them in the White House like working hard so that Mexico stops stealing our companies and therefore our jobs? [Applause]
You see that though and we're developing a vaccine in record time. It will be ready before the end of the year and maybe much sooner than that. They're very unhappy about that. You know, it's amazing. We have a couple of really great experts. One who's -- we call him Dr. Scott, you know what I'm talking about?
Very, very sad. Special prosecutor, here we come, right? [Applause]
He got so lucky. She should have gotten out. You know, she was faithful. She would have gotten out, Bernie would have run -- we would have been running against crazy Bernie instead, but I'd rather run against Joe because there's no enthusiasm, there's no energy. One thing with Bernie's people, and you know, we got a lot of people last time from Bernie because they love me on trade.
But my plan will cut energy prices in half. I'm going to knock it out 50 percent all. This is for families and businesses and everything. And with the artificial intelligence, as you know and shocking, but you need more energy for -- to make that competitive with China and some others. But primarily China, they're going wild now.
She's purely a vessel. Has to be, right? You saw her on the town hall the other night with Allison Cooper. Did you see? This is Allison Cooper of CNN. No. Allison interviewed her. She couldn't answer a question. She couldn't. She was terrible. We can't have that running our country. She can't put two sentences together.
But if you make that mistake, I don't care how well you speak, you're in trouble, right? She said yes. Right? He's done it many, many times. And the other thing he does, he keeps getting the presidency mixed up with the senate. He said, "I am a proud Democrat running for the US Senate, thank you very much." Now, the first time was not really for good -- you know, there's are some things whe -- But you can sort of say, you know, it's okay.
Thank you very much, and please pay my respects to your father. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Actually, I saw one who was booed off the stage. He was booed off. I don't think he -- but the greatest honor is, in my case, you feel this way because we went through four great years. We did things that nobody thought could be done, and we're going to go into them in a minute. But we did things that nobody thought could be done.
Do it anyway. So Mike was just asking if we'd want to take some questions. [Inaudible] You go ahead Mike.
That was from the heart. Dana White, today. I just saw today because last night I was looking at the speech a little bit, you know. We had a wonderful turnout last night. What I didn't like -- it when -- you saw this, right? When it was over. You saw when it was over? The thugs outside because the Democratic Mayor of Washington D.C. [Audience shouts "Boo"] it's another Democrat that's not believing in law and order, and you know, we give Washington D.C. a lot of money to run it, but they don't do a good job of running it.
And he couldn't do that because of the fact that he had other commitments, and he endorsed Ted Cruz. But the next day, when he made the endorsement, I thought it was more of an endorsement for me, because he started talking about how great Donald Trump is. Then he said I'm voting for Ted Cruz. And let's get back to Donald Trump.
They're creating jobs -- I didn't believe it. I actually have that -- Andy Biggs, I have to have that number checked. And it was right. The jobs are going to people that are pouring in. This border invasion of millions of people pouring in is causing a job crisis for Black and Hispanic population. That's what's happening.
So, the illegal immigrants get treated, in many cases, better than our vets. That's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. You look at what's going on. Our vets are treated so poorly. It's not going to happen anymore, folks. It's not going to happen, OK? All right? You know it and you know I mean it. You know I mean it. Go ahead, George.
One of the first things we're going to do is restore law and order to our country. We have to do it. [Applause]
It's important. And we're hoping Matt Lauer will ask about it on Wednesday night to her when he does the town hall, because she is being protected by the media, by the press like nobody ever has been protected in the history of this country. [Booing]
And it is time for us to replace the politics of anger and destruction with a real debate about the real issues. And we want honest coverage from the media. That's all we want. This is one of the most important elections of our lifetime. Under Republican leadership, America is booming, America is thriving, and America is winning because we are putting America first.
Joe Biden has pledged to remove this ban, opening the flood gates to terror and terror hotspots, and increasing the number of refugees allowed into our country by 700%. That's the manifesto of AOC and Bernie. Joe Biden and Kamala. She's another beauty. Also strongly support the deadly sanctuary cities that have been so bad for you and everybody else's. District Attorney in San Francisco, Kamala put a drug dealing illegal alien into a job and jobs program instead of into prison.
Is there some way we can check it out? [Laughter]
But when we leave, it's all of us, we leave together, we're unified. This is the most unified, the Republican Party has ever been. And when we leave, the New York Times, thank you, the great Dan Scavino the most powerful man in politics. Hey Dan. So Zuckerberg left, who is No. 1 in the world on Facebook?
Because this, this is far --
We took in more money, much more money at the lower rate than we did because we had jobs like never before. We had business like never before. Maybe you came here because of that. That might be the reason, come to think of it. Thank you. You told me that. 2017, yeah, you probably came because of the tax and the one-year depreciation.
Job number one for Republican Congress is to stop the invasion. And that's what it is, it's like a military invasion. In many ways, it's worse because with military, you can stop them with force. These people are coming through totally unencumbered. But we have to stop the invasion on our southern border.
I don't think -- I think she's doing a terrible job. By the way, I know all of the Governors. You know we basically deal with the Governors. The Governors run their states, we give them the equipment, we help them out. We got them all of the ventilators. We did an incredible job with it. Jared Kushner did a great job.
Early voting in Florida begins today through the fifth, so make sure you get out and vote or this whole thing, you know, the movement that they're all talking about all over the world. It won't be the same, folks. We're not going to be able to do what we wanted to do.
When I do, you know, the scrum, I do the signing. I do whatever. You know I shake hands with people. So many people say, Mr. Trump, I mean, they're 30, 40, 50, 60, one woman is 93 years old from Tennessee. Like this great woman, beautiful woman, she's incredible. She's going to vote for the first time and she voted for the first time because I won the state of Tennessee.
In other words, we're right there. So, it is of consequence. It's only because -- it's only because, sadly, he just didn't look for fraud. When that letter came out from McSwain, that was a sad day for this country, a sad day. And I was wondering because he was all excited -- McSwain was all excited.
So we have many illegal immigrants in our country who are criminals, convicted criminals, murderers, drug lords, gang members. And what happened during Hillary Clinton's stay during the -- her secretary of State days, people would take them out -- because I tell you what, these border patrol agents and ICE agents, they're great people. They want to do the job but they're told, Stand back."""o we have ma"
We must also do more to help our Veterans find jobs
The open borders lobbyists that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs and gangs and crime that poured into our country, they support Biden. They still do. The anti-American radicals, defaming our noble history, heritage, and heroes. They support Biden. They support him. They support Sleepy Joe. And you know, I signed a law that you take down any of our statues, any of our monuments, you go to jail for 10 years.
And I did that. And nobody even asked for that because they thought that would be a bridge too far. But I did that for Israel, and I was the first and only president to convene a meeting at the United Nations to end religious persecution worldwide. Nobody's done what I've done in terms of religion, in terms of Christianity, but in terms of religion, nobody's done what I did.
I want to so badly. We love you. You're such great people. Such nice people. So kind. Take a look at what they do to their hostage and their prisoners. You'll find out about tough people. Great negotiators. Persians, great negotiators. I would have said, remember nice and easy. I would have rather done it my way, but I respected my father.
But one just came out that is so incredible. And they're coming out left and right. But the Clarity Campaign national poll just came out about two minutes before I walked on the stage. I said, let me see that poll. I said, how do you get that poll up so fast? But Justin and the team did it. They get it done where we lead by 45 points.
It's honestly you love with your family. It's honestly - those are the people that I see that are - those are the people that I see that are - those are the people that I see that are most successful people, some of the most successful people, some of the most successful people. Some of the people that have made this vast sum of people that have made this vast sum of people that have made this vast sum of money have and not all, but some of them money have and not all, but some of them money have and not All - but some of them are actually not happy at all and so are actually not happy at all and so are actually not happy at all.
Shoots down rockets, shoots down missiles, most incredible thing you've ever seen. I think they got like a 97 percent shot at it. And the company likes to say, but if you send up two missiles, you get it 100 percent. But that's expensive. I said, do it with one, right? So I get there, and brand new, they put in. I said, just out of curiosity, who pays for it? I said to a certain general, good guy, but, you know, he's not into business.
If you're a congressman, a great one like Michelle or Pete and you get a, uh, subpoena one day, you're out of business. You're out. You might as well just -- Just a subpoena. Pete wa -- gets a subpoena. He doesn't wanna hear about it. Michelle gets a subpoena. That's what they do. They've used this as a weapon.
We got a lot of people, and it was freezing but I got through that. There was no way that I leave early on the great people of Wisconsin, because you don't, you don't know about that. There was no way. Anyway, this poll said we're tied. Let's say we're tied, one up, one down, we're like, boom, very close.
They're spending money you wouldn't believe it. It comes out of PACs. And who puts up the money? Special interests. Special interests. Who else? Lobbyists. So, so let me tell you. Let me tell you a story. Then we'll get back to your wall, OK? So a friend of mine comes to me the other day, and he says very strongly, a doctor, a very important doctor.
Treasurer Curtis Loftis, Congressman William Timmons, who's really been fan to -- Where is William? He is around here someplace. I just saw him. William Timmons has been great. Congressman who's really a star. This is a shooting star. Russell Fry. Where's Russell? What a job Russell's done. Thank you, Russell.
That kid is tough-looking cookie, right? Go ahead.
I actually talked with Paul and the group about just doing nothing for two years, and the Dems would come begging to do something because '17 is going to be catastrophic price increases. Your deductibles are through the roof. You can't use it. Can't use it.
But beyond that, you use social media, because a lot of these people -- I mean they're better at social media than we are. ISIS, if you look at what ISIS is doing with social, they're recruiting over the Internet. And I also said we have to end that. We have to knock it out. We have to -- you know, some people would say oh, that's a terrible thing. [Applause] We have to end that. [Applause]
The deal they worked out three weeks ago is a disgrace. So Obamacare, we're repealing, we're replacing but we're angry. And I said, yeah, I'm angry. Now, when they asked, it was under debate, the previous debate because I skipped the last one before the one the other night and I raised $6 million for the veterans, right?
First time in history, it's never happened. It's a shift. It's shifted republican. And today, there are more registered Republicans than at any time in the history of our country. How good -- how about that? Meanwhile, approval ratings for the Democrat Party have plunged to the lowest level ever recorded.
no, these are among the worst criminals anywhere in the world and they come from all over. A huge number is coming out of jails in the Congo because what's happening is countries and continents -- but countries are releasing their prison populations into our country. And you know what? If I headed up any one of the countries we're talking about, I would have done the same thing.
And by the way, one other thing, Gallup came out with a poll the other day, you saw it, right? Fifty-six percent of the people in a pandemic are better off now than they were under the Obama-Biden. And it's the best number I think they said ever recorded and we're in a pandemic. It's not anybody's fault, but we're in a pandemic, 56%. There's another one that's even more interesting, 62% of the people polled.
So I sent up to the Montreal Canadiens. Now, that's a good one. If you want to make ice, you call the Canadians, right? I mean there's nothing wrong with a little Canadian help. So I spoke to somebody at the Montreal Canadiens. They were really nice. They sent somebody down and he said, Mr. Trump, they're using the wrong system.
There was only one way to stop the shot, and I said we chipped it in, that's what he did. And Jack is an incredible sportsman and the way he walked off the course was one of the great scenes in all of golf and Jack Nicklaus is a -- is a friend of mine and a great champion, and great champions, whether it's Tom Watson or Greg Norman or Nick Price has had amazing winners at Turnberry.
Getting a chance to do this and turn our country around because our country's going so bad, it's so bad. You know I was talking about South Korea. So we have 28,000 soldiers on the line. We get nothing. We get peanuts and you have the maniac on the other side. We're protecting, we're protecting Japan. We're protecting Germany.
You know people get sick from the other also. It's not just from the virus. They get sick from all of the other things that happen. You know what I mean. [Applause]
If you win, think of it, you're a part of the equation. Historically, lots of elections, right? If you win Florida, Ohio, and Iowa -- now, I won each one in a landslide, OK? So, it wasn't even winning. I won plenty of other states, too, that people don't quite know about. But if you win those three, there's never been a president that lost an election, except me, except me. It's an amazing thing.
Hillary wants to find out how do you get these crowds, right? How do you get these crowds? Goodbye, Hillary. Bye. Say hello to Bill, Hillary. You know I'm talking and I see this like crazy person screaming and I didn't know, friend or foe. But then I watched it. I could see she was nuts. So look, look, we have such an important election.
And not only don't they have business ability, not only don't they have heart, they don't have common sense. And a lot of it is common sense. And a lot of it is leadership. And we certainly have no leader, that I can tell you that. Applause] So, we're going to triple up the ICE officers. We're going to go nationwide e-verify. And what people don't say about Eisenhower, is when they moved them out, when they started moving them out, they moved out at least a million and a half. And it was also Truman, they moved them out.
Every day between now and the election, we're going to talk about our plans to make America great again. [Applause]
Who would be opposed? All right. So you're probably talking 1%, you know? I mean, if you think about it, that's pretty amazing, and that's a real poll. Now the government, if they did that poll, they charge $1 million for it. It wouldn't be as accurate. You know that, right? We did it in about two minutes.
We call it "Make America Great Again." The fact is, we really -- it's a very important element. Way ahead of schedule, as far as I'm concerned. I thought it was going to happen. But nobody had any idea it was going to happen this quickly. It's an amazing thing. A great thing what's happening to our country.
To Jamiel, Jenna, Susan and Jessica, I want you to know that we will never stop fighting for justice. Your loved ones will never, ever be forgotten. We will always honor their memory. [Applause]
Other than that, the negotiation is wonderful. So, I would have to say Secretary Kerry. And I think he's a very nice man, honestly. And I would -- I would absolutely -- I think Jeb Bush is a very nice person, but he's not the right guy. He'll never bring you home. He's never going to bring you home. Believe me, he will never ever in a million years bring you home.
I said, don't squeeze too tight, please, OK, a hand. My hand still hasn't recovered from shaking hands with them. These are great people. And by the way, we have to give them back their respect. We have to give them back their authority. Katie Hobbs will defund the police. Kari Lake will defund the cartels.
Nine:
He was -- he was a -- he was terrible. But I've watched what he's done. He's trying to campaign because she's incapable of campaigning. So, they send him in to try -- he's not going to do it. He also -- you know who he helped? He helped Hillary Clinton. How did that work out? He came out for Hillary. [Audience boos]
We're done with their hysteria. We're done with their hoaxing, lying, cheating, scheming, plundering, and stealing. Oh, they steal. They steal. We're not going to let them divide and destroy America any longer. What we have built is the biggest, broadest, most incredible coalition and the greatest political movement in the history of our country. [Applause]
And by the way, by the way, it was just announced by the commission that holds the debate that Donald Trump's microphone was defective, as I've been saying. [Booing]
They don't use the word mastermind anymore because I went -- I said don't call them masterminds. You know, they are ruining our youth with the Internet. Their taking our youth and they go on over to fight ISIS. And they're calling the head guy with the white cap, the guy that I call the guy with the dirty cap.
I can't even imagine. In fact, they said, "Well this is OK. They're duplicates." How can they be duplicates? When it's many more times what we thought was stolen in the first place. Right? You know, when they deleted 33,000, I thought that was a lot. They have 650,000? Hillary is the one who accept the debate questions, given turn advance and use them to cheat.
I stopped it. It was dead. And then I sanctioned, a lot of sanctions, and yet I got along well with Putin. I mean, it must have been hard for him. He actually said, "If you're nice to me, I would hate like hell to see if you weren't nice to me." And remember he would've never, and he didn't, he would've never gone into Ukraine.
And we went out and they said Trump has just won Florida. I said wait a minute, they haven't even gotten through it. No, they said the Panhandle is like 94% or something. They said if Trump is even coming into the panhandle, there's nobody going to beat Trump, and we won it pretty easily, I'll tell you, but the panhandle -- so we're with the Panhandle 100%, great people.
We've all known that, so. It's nice that you're sitting with Bobby because you -- two, you went through a lot. But you know what? You're going to be stars. And over the past month, our new administration has taken unrelenting action to fix every single disaster that we inherited. And we inherited a lot of them.
This room likes that more than some rooms. Some rooms don't, and that's OK. But this room does. That's good. Glad I said it, actually. And I will shut down the federal Department of Education, and we will move everything back to the states where it belongs and where they can individualize education and do it with the love for their children. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]
You heard what happened. Iran took over two of our boats. They said they're gonna release them. Oh, isn't that nice? They're gonna release them. This isn't the same country when I hear that, just happened, just happened. It literally just happened and I think it's not so good, it's just -- it's just an indication of where the hell we're going.
If I cannot get a good deal for the United States, I will follow the example of Ronald Reagan and walk away. That is completely contrary to the way President Obama and Hillary Clinton negotiate which gets nothing of value for the United States, ever. They just keep losing.
To protect our great steelworkers, I placed tariffs on nations that were dumping cheap, foreign steel all over the place. And we have created an incredible industry out of nothing. It was ready to go out. Within months, steel imports dropped by 26% and American steel production surged by 18 million tons, almost immediately.
He's a fierce individual, very fierce. But he's a good -- I mean, he loves China. He wants to take care of China. But I want to take care of the United States of America, right? And we'll also pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act, meaning if China or any other country is charging us 100 or 200 percent tariff or tax, then we will charge them 100 or 200 percent tariff or tax in return.
To this day, that spirit runs through the veins of every American patriot. It lives on in each and every one of you here today. It is the spirit of daring and defiance, excellence and adventure, courage and confidence, loyalty and love that built this country into the most exceptional nation in the history of the world, and our nation is stronger today than it ever was before.
Homicides are up nearly 50 percent in Washington, D.C. and more than 60 percent in Baltimore. And the murder rate in the United States is the highest it's been in 45 years. And the dishonest media, they never tell you that. [Booing]
Watermelon head, I call him. [Audience boos]
With knives and rifles in hand, the Rangers scaled the cliffs of Normandy. The 101st Airborne leapt into the danger from above, illuminated only by enemy flares, explosions, and burning aircraft. They threw back the Nazi empire with lightning of their own, from the turrets of Sherman tanks and the barrels of the M1 rifle.
Okay, now she's famous too, so she'll probably become a governor of Oregon. She'll become a governor, or a senator. Great job. Very impressive. That's very impressive.
I'm not here to - he's a great entertainer. I'm not here to - he's a great entertainer. I'm not here to entertain folks. I'm not an entertainer entertain folks. I'm not an entertainer entertain folks. I'm not an entertainer - I'm not an entertainer, but a lot of - I'm not an entertainer but a lot of - I'm not an entertainer but a lot of thing.
I've never seen anything like it. There's such spirit. I've never seen spirit like this. And North Carolina GOP Chair, somebody doing an incredible job, if we win tomorrow. By the way, if we don't win tomorrow, they'll say, "How's Michael Watley doing?" And I'll say, "Not good at all. He didn't do a good job." Michael Watley, are we doing okay, Michael?
All right? Nobody. [Audience chants "USA! USA! USA!"] [Audience calls out "We love you Donald Trump!"] I love you too. I love you too. I love you. You know I love this country. I feel so -- I have such a spot in my heart for this country. The people are so amazing. No matter where we go, we have tragedies like this.
I believe you. This election is a choice between a crippling depression or a historic boom. It is, you'll have a depression. All that money. All those 401Ks, they're going to go right down the tubes, throw it out. It's a choice between a deadly Biden lockdown. He wants to lock down the country. [Audience boos] I just left a count -- I just left a, a state that locked down.
I said, "We're not doing that to Iowa. We're not doing." Maybe somebody else someday, hopefully long down, because I'll have signed those rights into your corner for a long period of time. You'll be here. I said from day one, right? I said, "We're never moving you." And you have forces that want to move.
You re first-in-the-nation primary.
They tried for 50 years to try and get it done. They never got it done. We got it done, got it done with the help of these people. And so many other things that we did, rebuilding our military, building the wall. We built hundreds of miles of wall. These people are great people, and some of the best of them are representing the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
I don't think he has any clue. So listen, we have a little -- Look at this one. That's for him. It's slight. I call it slight. See the podium? I'm calling on crooked Joe Biden to debate anytime, anywhere, anyplace, right there. We have to debate, because our country is going in the wrong direction so badly.
Unemployment among women, women... remember, we were going to do so poorly with women. Look at all the women here tonight. Women for Trump.
The radical Left wants to do to America what they've done to New York: raise prices, kill jobs, and leave our nation less independent and far less secure. My vision is the exact opposite. And we want to work with New York and we want to help New York. They need jobs in New York so badly. You know, they talk about the environment.
It's terrible." Ryan called for completely abolishing gas-powered automobiles from the road, that's another beauty. A suicide plan that would obliterate the Ohio [Inaudible] this is going to destroy your industry. The industry will be destroyed, bankrupt Ohio energy industry, send electricity prices soaring.
being treated as well as a lot of people that come into our country illegally
They become -- something happens to them, something happens to them. So we're -- they want to stay there. You know what happens? They get good at getting re-elected. That's all they care about. One thing I can tell you, I get to Washington, it's not going to happen to Trump. It's not going to happen to Trump.
Whose jobs have been stolen by the dumping of steel all over the state, and frankly, all over this country, by China and other countries. Nobody has been treated worse than these workers, but that will change on January 20th of next year, believe me. It will change. [Applause]
I thought he's going to -- look, I won't say. But he was going crazy. But we will not pay for that f bomb law. And I said whoa, is he in trouble. But then I said to myself, hey, I'm happy. Because two years ago, he said we will never allow that wall to be built. So now, at least he knows it's going to be built.
So we want to work with them and we want to do infrastructure. We want to do all of the things that you know about and we're going to get it done. Nobody's done so much as all of us, because it's not just me, I'm a messenger. I've done a good job as a messenger. I've done a good job, but you've done a great job because you came from all over.
And you leave like this, right? So you know, it's been such a good experience being with you. We got a lot. I mean I've said things here that I don't like to say generally speaking but I know I understand this audience. I'm just telling you this. We don't win anymore as a country. We don't win anymore. We lose all the time.
One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. He's a liar, OK, he's a liar. How do you do it? How do you do it? He went for a year and a half. They said, are you? Do you remember the debates with the radical-left Democrats, right?
So the bottom line is very simple. Make America strong again. Make America great again. We have such unbelievable potential. We have to use it. We need the right leaders. Thank you all very much. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate. Just as we did before, we will protect innocent life and defend free speech. I will support a constitutional amendment to put term limits on members of Congress and I will move heaven and earth to fully secure our elections.
There's something going on folks it's wrong. They gave them a party. They work there. They gave them a party.
This guy lies so much, right? Do you remember the voter? Remember Iowa? Remember what he said? It looked like he came right out of the IRS. Voter fraud, voter whatever the hell. He puts it up and people saying, what's going on? And said, the way you get out of it is you have to go and you have to vote for Ted Cruz.
We're going to get those trillions of dollars paid off. We're going to lower taxes even further. I gave you the biggest tax cuts in history, but we're going to go further. I will terminate Biden's atrocious electric car mandates and rapidly restore American energy independence and energy dominance.
Remember the sight of those planes pulling up with many people on the planes hanging onto the wheels and falling at 3000 feet? I mean, it was what a mess. What a mess. This guy, Biden is the worst we've ever had. The worst. New Hampshire wants a president who will never betray you, who will never forsake you, and who will never sell you out.
People are getting out of business, companies are closing all because of Obamacare. So they have to do something about that. And they have to do it now. Now, when was the last time you heard something good about our country? Where we won, we beat China, we beat Mexico, we beat somebody. We never win. You don't hear good news about this country.
So it's -- they have it lost. Stand up, fellas, stand up. They've got to be able to do their job. You've got to let them do their job, got to be able to do your job, right? They let you do your job, you'd see Pennsylvania -- they had some big bad crime numbers in your state. You let them do your job, any state, New York's finest.
Got the Bernie sign. Where you put in here by Bernie? Get out. Out. [Applause] [Inaudible] [Audience chants "Trump! Trump! Trump!"] [Audience chants "USA! USA! USA!"] Get her out. Get her out. [Applause] Where are these people coming from? Unbelievable. Where are they coming from? Unbelievable. [Audience member calls out, apparently protesting] All right, thank you.
He is the most overrated governor, but not really because most people don't think he's a very good governor so it's nothing. But you'll end up getting rid of him pretty quick. The people behind Nikki are pro-amnesty. You like that? Pro-China, pro open borders, pro-war, pro deep state and they're pro-Biden.
Question, please? Hello.
It was -- Right? You talk about a good football player, he was some player and what a great guy. But all of them, everybody. First Lady did great. Ivanka did great. They all did. They did great. We had some incre -- and some incredible stories, some very sad stories when you look and see what happened. But Biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorists.
We want to run against Trump. We'll do anything to run against Trump. They have the greatest line of bul***** of any group of people. I've never seen it. Want to run against him. But at the same time, they send people from the Justice Department to the local DAs office in Manhattan. Do you know the Justice Department sent their top people to the Manhattan DAs office to help in the prosecution of Trump?
They're gone. Nobody knows where they are. Many of them are dead. Many of them are in sex trade, but many of them are dead. They've been trafficked. They've been raped. Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children are missing. If one child is missing, it's too many. Think of it. Under her, 325,000 children.
You're going to have World War III. I see it happening. You have things happening and you have a president that has -- has no clue what's going on. On my first day back in the White House, I'll terminate every open borders policy of the Biden administration and begin the largest deportation operation in American history.
And they're the greatest fighters in the world and now they have the greatest equipment to do it. You know, when I took over it was depleted. 2.5 trillion made in the U.S.A., a lot of it in Wisconsin, by the way. This week I signed an order to protect the pensions of workers at the Del Phi Corporation, does anybody know about that?
Our military's rebuild. You just got the greatest tax cuts in history. The greatest rate regulation cuts and all this stuff. So let me ask you this, so make America great again sort of doesn't work quite as well. So now we have to keep America great. We have the new head, tire, stiff, it's like a billboard, right?
We want tax increases. We want all-electric cars so that you can go 15 minutes before you charge it up. And for all the congressmen that are here, in the Midwest, they built eight charging stations. Now, you know what that is? That's like a gas pump with electricity coming out, just a charging terminal. It cost $9 billion.
By the way, my bill... and Larry Kudlow and so many others, they think it's great. I put in tax policy. Big, big cuts for the middle class. The middle class in this country has been decimated. Big, big cuts for business. Big. We are the highest tax nation in the world. Big, big cuts. Right now. And it's going to pass, it's going to go through.
Now, we're going to build a real wall. We're going to build a wall that works, and it's going to have a huge impact on the inflow of drugs coming across. The wall is almost -- that could be one of the main reasons you have to have it. It's an additional tool to stop the inflow of drugs into our country.
If that virus hadn't hit us, and it did, and it hit the whole world. But if it hadn't hit us, we would have numbers the likes of which nobody thought were even remotely possible, but it did and we saved a lot of lives. You know they keep saying, oh -- They just -- By the way, if we had two people die, they would have said he did a terrible job.
Tomorrow, it's hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. All of this -- all of this was to -- really, all of these hundreds and hundreds of rallies were to put us in position to do something great for our country. This is in a way the harder part, honestly, getting -- beating all these people and fighting all of these people, going through the lies and the vicious statements about you and your family and everything.
In other words, if the way we have, in other words, if the way we have - in other words, if somebody attacks us, Japan doesn't have somebody attacks us. Japan doesn't have somebody attacks us. Japan doesn't have to do a thing. But if Japan is attacked to do a thing, but if Japan is attacked to do a thing, but if Japan is attacked, we have to immediately come to their - we have to immediately come to their - we have to immediately come to their defense, go to war, do Whatever is defense go to war, do whatever is defense go to war, do whatever is necessary and just not fair, it's not necessary and just not fair, it's not necessary and just not fair, it's not even a question of not fair.
We have aircraft that's 18 and 20 years old. We have aircraft much older than that. We can't even buy parts to some of our aircraft. They're so old, they don't make the parts anymore.
Look at this.
We're winning with our military, our military is now being built up like you wouldn't believe. We're winning with our military, we're winning on trade, we're winning on trade. We're defending our borders, because if you don't have borders, you don't have a country, you don't have it.
I understand debt. I understand business better than anybody that's ever run in my opinion for office. Nobody's had the success in a business sense that I've had. I know how to get rid of debt. I would get rid of that debt and I would do it quickly because it's sitting out there and it is a time bomb for this country.
But our vets are being taken care of very poorly. I put it in a plan. And we have a whole big policy plan on the vets. But one of the things we're going to do -- if somebody is going to wait six days to see a doctor, where a simple pill or a shot or maybe a simple procedure can take care of them, instead they're virtually dying -- not going to happen anymore.
Mad Dog. His troops would go to hell for him. Or we need General Douglas MacArthur. In the history of West Point, one of the greatest intellects. And he was a totally different type, but he was a guy that only understood winning. That's what he understood. We don't need these guys that I see on television all the time talking about ISIS is very tough.
The election is now. The election is now. Can you believe it? Today -- it's today. It's unbelievable. You can make every dream you've ever dreamed for your country and your family come true. You have one magnificent chance to beat this corrupt, rigged system and to deliver justice for every forgotten man, and forgotten woman, and forgotten child in this nation.
You're right. The unemployment rate for African-American women has also reached the lowest level ever recorded. Congratulations. [Crosstalk] African-American youth unemployment -- which was really in terrible shape, those numbers -- is the lowest level ever recorded. History. The African-American poverty rate is now at its lowest level in history.
And my sister called me, she said, really? How did that happen? $200 million. Believe me. So you are going to see something that's gonna be so spectacular with what we do here. I built a great company and you know what, in many ways, this is going to be easier. This is going to be easier because we have such unbelievable momentum going here with what we're doing.
Introduce -- Hey, I'd like to introduce it, send me the 10 million. [Audience chanting "Lock him up"] Another e-mail reference, 10% held by Hunter for the big guy. I wouldn't know who the big guy was, the big guy. He doesn't look so big to me. He doesn't look so big when he walks on the stage. He's not looking at strong.
All right. Good. She looks like she's in good shape. Thank you very much. That's true, though. The police and the medics and the firemen- and -women, and whatever, the job they do and they're not appreciated in this country. They're going to start being appreciated again, folks. [Applause]
But now that event, because of me and some very good people is in court. Let's see how that one turns out. And Bill Barr told me, sir, we've looked at it. We found nothing. All you have to do is look at the tape. By the way, there was no water main, you know. Remember, there was no water main. Remember that?
We're going to need them. But, did you ever see that, how they are genius at fixing a car? They can do anything. But history, not so good. Physics, not so good.
When we rapidly expanded its availability for Medicare beneficiaries during the pandemic, the number of telehealth users increased so incredibly to 14,000 a week. It was 1.7 million. It was increasing at levels that nobody has ever seen before in just about any kind of a program. This is the future of healthcare. We will ensure all Americans have the freedom to consult with doctors from the safety and convenience of their homes.
It's not going to -- we're not going to let it happen any more. Not happening. Now, I will and I will tell you something about the protesters and I respect what they're doing. But I really believe unless they have a substance abuse problem which is probably there, he does. He definitely does. No, I really think I could take them into a room, talk to them for 20 minutes.
The taxes are staggering. They go out and they borrow money and they're in debt and a lot of times it didn't work out. You don't have tax to pay anymore. You have nothing to pay on those farms and small businesses. Under my Administration, we've created half a million brand new manufacturing jobs. Remember we weren't going to be able to create any.
I want jobs and I want wealth to stay in America. Motor vehicle manufacturing is one of the most heavily regulated industries in the country and even in the world. The U.S. economy today is 25% smaller than it would have been without the surge of regulations since 1980. It is estimated that current overregulation is costing our economy as much as $2 trillion a year.
We will soon build new roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, railways, and waterways across our land. I terminated one of the most ridiculous regulations of all: the last administration's disastrous Waters of the United States rule. Thank you. It's gone. That was a rule that basically took your property away from you.
I didn't even know -- I think you might have convinced me to run. I don't know. Some of these people, you know, they've been -- some people have been with me long before I ran. They would say Trump should run. Then we had Romney. Remember Romney? And they did polls. Romney and Paul Ryan, what a combination that was.
Where's Virginia? She's so great. Where's Virginia? These are incredible -- Hi, Virginia. Thank you, Virginia. Representative Richard Hudson. Where is he? Hi, Richard, great job, and you're really doing a great job, but we appreciate.
You know, prison populations all over the world are down. Crime all over the world is down because they take the world's criminals, gang members, drug dealers, and they deposit them into the United States bus after bus after bus. [Audience boos] In Venezuela, their crime rate went down 72 percent. You know why? Because they took the criminals out of Caracas and they put them along your border and they said, "If you ever come back, we're going to kill you."
I think you're going to see some really great polls, Doug. I think you're going to see numbers that you're going to be surprised at. And Oz, I think you're going to see numbers and all of our great congressmen, many of whom are here. And we're going to introduce in a second to every citizen who is appalled by the radical left, lawlessness and corruption, and they are corrupt.
It's hard to have scandal when you have no coverage and they work in conjunction with big tech, and they protect each other. And they protect the democrats because with the democrats, you don't have somebody up, talking likeI do about them. So they can do whatever they want and it will only led -- this will only lead to very bad things.I do what is right for America,I do what's right for America.
Conference Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers. Cathy. Cathy. [Applause] Great job. Great job, Cathy.
Real big one. Runs a great operation. Seventy thousand vehicles. So now I read the other day that the Taliban, that Afghanistan is the second largest seller of arms anywhere in the world because they're selling everything that we gave them. And by the way, as I'm speaking, do I see cash? Is that cash? Oh, my eyes are better than I thought.
They said, "Sir, I don't know if you're safe here." I say, "I'm the safest guy in the world right here." And they'd rev up those Harleys, and the girlfriends in the back, they loved that sucker. They loved it. They loved it. Any guy who went after that guy's girlfriend, number one, didn't have a chance; number two, he would have been in big trouble, right?
Now, listen to this one. He did one deal in his life, and that was a real estate deal for the purchase and expansion of his house at below fair market value, from a mobster and campaign contributor and one of his best friends who ended up going to jail. And Obama was hardly even looked at. OK, when I heard -- his name is Tony Rezko.
And the bad news is, you saw it there are thousands of people outside. I said why didn't we get a bigger place? But who knows? Who knows that this is all going to happen. You know things are going on that are amazing, but I don't know if you saw, I just came here. We drove through thousands and thousands of people, and I feel badly for those people too.
Hey, how are you doing? Hi, I'm Glenn. Hi, hi. He's a killer. OK. I say that affectionately. "Hi, I'm Glenn. Hello, everybody." Nice guy. Oh, he's a killer. OK, trust me. You know that's a compliment. He understands that's a compliment. But it is. He's smart. But they're smart people. And they are; they're streetwise.
That MAGA, they're bad people." I say, "What does MAGA mean?" "I don't know what it means. What exactly -- It means Make America Great Again. That's all it means. Very simple. Very simple to understand that, Joe. Under Trump, everybody was richer. The typical family saw their income grow $6,000 a year plus.
You don't hear this because the fake news doesn't want to read about it. You know, sometimes I have a news conference about something good, so good and I'll say you know, I call my wife first lady. First lady. People love our First Lady. I'll say, When you see television tonight and we did something that was so great whatever it may be, we did a lot of things.
This will change when I am president.
What they did, that's what they do. They're fascists. Okay? But what they did was terrible, but he did beat the competition. He did it I think probably unfairly just like they cheated on the last election, but they did beat the competition. But I'm really popular. I'm popular not necessarily, I think I have a nice personality.
We will offer a new future, not the same old failed policies of the past. Our party has chosen to make new history by selecting a nominee from the outside and that's outside of the very, very already proven rigged system. The other party has reached backwards into the past to choose a nominee from yesterday, who offers only the rhetoric of yesterday and the policies of yesterday.
Our movement of proud hard work, and you know what this is, the hardest working people, hardworking American patriots, is just getting started. And in the end, we will win. We will win. We've been doing a lot of winning. As we gather this week, we're in the middle of a historic struggle for America's future, America's culture, and America's institutions, borders, and most cherished principles.
We're going to find ourselves a Patton. [Audience yells "Right here"] Yeah, right here. I'll be the Patton. But we're going to find a Patton and we're going to find a MacArthur and I'm really good at that. We're going to find great people because and I've told this story, where I watch these Generals go on television.
Many workers are earning less today than they were 18 years ago. They're working harder, they're working longer, but they're making less and in some cases, they're working two and three jobs, but still taking home less money. It's ridiculous.
He is a strong guy, and he's good guy too. Big Ben. [Applause]
I know it well. And they're being crushed by high taxes, regulations, and failed education policies of Hillary Clinton and Obama. You know where Obama is now? Not working on jobs, not working on Mosul where they gave them four months advance notice. Our military, "We are going into Mosul four months, right?
It's -- it's incredible, the job you do, such a danger -- such a dangerous job. I actually did. I came in. I met one of the Border Patrol who was badly, badly wounded. I said, "Are you OK," just a while ago. He said, "Yes." I said, "What happened?" "Well, my leg is broken, my arm was broken, my back was broken, my neck was broken, my skull was fractured." He went through a list of things.
Those are New Yorkers, every injured, those are New Yorkers, every injured, those are New Yorkers, every small act of kindness, every great act of small act of kindness, every great act of small act of kindness, every great act of courage of which there were so many courage Of which there were so many courage of which there were so many, there's never been anything like this.
That's all it was. It's a terrible thing. That was in Georgia, where they said everything was so wonderful. And by the way, now they're saying they're going to delete over a hundred thousand names. I said, "Why the hell didn't you delete them before the election? Not after the election?" Why didn't they do that?
We are going to terminate Obamacare and replace it with something far, far better. We are going to protect our Second Amendment, which is under siege. We are going to have strong, powerful, magnificent borders. We are going to build a great wall and Mexico is going to pay for the wall. And we're going to make great trade deals, not with political hacks that get the job because they give campaign contributions.
A Biden victory will be bad for you, good for China, and truly great for these globalists. We got a lot of globalists. A Trump victory will be bad for the globalists, the RINOs, the communists, the Marxists, but it will be great for the hardworking people of New Hampshire. [Audience cheers]
I will get them approved so fast because China doesn't really need approval. President Xi says, "OK, build that plant." That's the end. There's no environmental impact statement. I would ask him, "President, do you go through an environmental impact statement?" He says, "I am the environmental impact statement."
Well, thank you very much. Special place. Really special place. But where I'm disappointed: I said, "We could have had 25,000 people if we did it outside." They said -- Did you see all the people outside? They all want your seat. That's the way life goes. And you're not giving it up. I know you too well.
Only to see a crew of Democrat operatives, or whoever, come back and start pouring votes into machines from boxes that mysteriously appeared from under a table, from under a table. And the Governor found nothing wrong with that, and the Justice Department found nothing wrong with that. And it's on tape, and it's like baseball now and football.
So we're going to be taking some very tough actions. Going to be taking some tough actions.
Where is he? What a good guy he is. Thank you Matt. They like you, Matt! And Congressman Neal Dunn, a real warrior! Thank you very much, thank you congressman, you're looking good! You're looking good, thank you. Your state's chief financial officer, Jimmy Patronis! Jimmy, thank you. Jimmy, how are the finances doing?
And then in 2020, we did great in North Carolina, but others we watched whaa ping, whaa ping. What the hell is going on? But with North Carolina, when he had 600 lawyers, 601 lawyers working for him and they didn't play games in North Carolina, I said that's the guy. I want to run it and Michael Whatley has done an unbelievable job.
We're stronger in, I would say, just about every way than we ever have been before -- militarily. You take a look at what we're doing with the stock market. We've had 144 out of three years -- I've been here just a little more than three years. And in a little more than three years, Jon, we've had 144 stock market records.
Our actions in Iraq, Libya and Syria have helped unleash ISIS.
Thank you. [Applause]
We have to straighten out what's going on in these courts. We got a rigged deal going this whole country, and we've got to do it. And those appellate courts have to step up and straighten things out or we're not going to have a country any longer, but we're going to win the great state of Arizona, and we're going to tell Crooked Joe Biden, you're fired.
If you told him to put down asphalt, he would. But he can build a plant like nobody. He builds all of them, most of them. And he was telling me that he's building some big plants. I said, "I want to see one. Let's go. I want to see a plant under construction." I like that. I basically -- I like that stuff always.
It's like me. I'm working harder than I've ever worked also. But these are minor. Nobody cares about that. That's OK. Who cares about that? Hillary Clinton wants to go even further and her plan could cost the economy $5 trillion. A Trump Administration will lift restrictions on all sources of American energy production.
So you're going to be very happy. You know it's true. I want to build a dome because you have all these countries now. And more and more, they want the weapons, and they got the missiles, and they got everything, and we now have it down. Ronald Reagan wanted to do that. He was met with tremendous anger from Russia.
We did our job. Six days ago, I replaced NAFTA and signed the brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement into law. The USMCA will create nearly 100,000 new high-paying American auto jobs, and massively boost exports for our farmers, ranchers, and factory workers. It will also bring trade with Mexico and Canada to a much higher level, but also to be a much greater degree of fairness and reciprocity.
Here's two people. I guess you radicalized him. Who knows? Who knows? It's a mess. We're in a mess folks. A mess. Radical Islamic terrorism. We have a President, doesn't mention the words, doesn't want to talk about it. And if you don't want to talk about it, you're never going to solve a very big problem.
No matter the circumstances, everyone will know we act from this core conviction that America's strength must be unmatched and its first priority unquestioned -- the safety and security of our citizens. This is the surest path to a more peaceful and prosperous world for us all.
Right? Go to sleep. You go to sleep for a couple of hours, you wake up, you cast your vote, then you can go back to sleep or go to work. You people don't go to sleep, you'll go back to work. I know my people. You'll get up after about two hours, you'll vote, and you'll go to work. I know my Michigan people.
Would you say 100 percent? No, you're a little off. Like, how about 2 percent? [Laughter] And those people, you almost don't want, because they cannot be very smart. [Laughter] Two percent. Two percent. Two percent come back. Those two percent are not going to make America great again, that I can tell you.
But I realize now, when I see what's happening and what's going on and the no border theory and -- and take everybody into our country, when we can't... I realize -- I realize that if our opponent -- not my opponent, but if our opponent got in, our country would be in really serious trouble, maybe to a point where it never could come back again.
Now, the people of Montana, they know. They know. Loyal citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. Returning the power where it belongs, to the people. [Crowd Chants 'USA']
And I assume Hillary was there watching over him, right? Somewhere pretty close. Hillary supported China's entry into the World Trade Organization and also ran up $1 trillion in trade deficits with China, when she was secretary of state. Not too good. Why would she? I mean, you think she looks presidential?
I don't need any money. I want you to do one thing on Tuesday. [Audience member calls out "That's my birthday"] This is our movement. This is our... happy birthday. It's his birthday. It's his birthday. You believe this? I love you. Can you hear me over there? I love you people. I love you. I love you people.
Well, I just want to thank the people of Louisiana you have been so great. Right from the beginning. Right from the beginning and I'm thrilled to be back with thousands of loyal rock ribbed, American Patriots. That's what you are, that's what we are. You work hard, you pay your taxes, you raise your children, you follow our laws, you respect our police, you defend our values and you stand strong for God, family and country.
And I just said Ivanka, we just bought the furniture. That's very nice, right? So then I had a decision to make. We have this great place. I had a decision. Legendary place and the decision was do we fix it? Do we fix it? [Audience chants USA] You know, by the way, you know the saddest part? You have people like that.
Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman," cried the vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. "You're so beautiful," she cried. "But if I hadn't brought you in by now, you truly would have died." She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed and held him tight. But instead of saying, "Thank you, ma'am," the snake gave her a vicious bite. "Take me in, oh, tender woman.
I don't care. But I know the people of this country, and the people of this country, they want to keep on winning. That I can tell you. If you vote Republican this November, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut your regulations, and raise your incomes like we've been doing. Think of where you are now compared to where you were three or four or five years ago.
Hillary also wants to spend hundreds of billions to resettle Middle Eastern refugees in the United States, on top of the current record level of immigration. For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees, we could rebuild every inner city in America. Hillary's Wall Street immigration agenda will keep immigrant communities poor, and unemployed Americans out of work.
Now, you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Michigan. You didn't see me leave, did you, huh? I'm lucky. Ah. You better get out there and vote. Thank you very much. I love you, too. I do. Two days from now, you have the power, with your vote, to save the American dream, to save our country from what could happen to it.
Our jobs and factories and coming back home where they belong. If foreign companies do not want to pay our tariffs, there is one very simple solution come and make your product in America come and make your product in New Mexico. And by the way, I'm just seeing this great group of people. The spirit -- Is there any place in the world that's more fun or more exciting than a Trump rally?
Biden has given him -- the only president in the last five that hasn't given Russia anything is a president known as Donald J. Trump. You know that. I don't have to go over the list. But Biden -- Biden is going to give him Ukraine. The way it's looking to me, it's terrible. So, Putin came out and he said, "I'd much rather have Biden be president." I said, "Well, that's insulting." And then, I said, "Wait a minute, that's actually a very good thing.
I did that. Won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America the single greatest nation in the world. But now we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years, where banks are collapsing and interest rates are skyrocketing.
We restored American strength at home and American leadership abroad. The world respects us again. Please don't lose that respect.
right Hilary wants to open our borders and I want to have strong borders and
That meant something to me, right? That meant something to me. It is nice. You know you're not allowed to discriminate, but I do like smart people on the Supreme Court. Now Biden wants many people on the Supreme Court, but he doesn't want to say. He said I'll tell you after the election. [Audience Boos] What they want to do with the court will be a disaster.
To all Americans, I say, it is time for change. It is time for new, strong, and smart leadership. Just in summing up. Thank you. Thank you everybody. Think I'm going to be doing six of these today. Can you believe this? Six. Going to North Carolina. We're going to -- all over. We're going to New Hampshire right after.
We will cast out the communists.
And even that, I had him set, except for this rigged election, he was set to make that a criminal, an absolute crime with a death penalty for anybody making fentanyl. But once I left, once this horrible election took place, they send more over now than ever before. He was going to give the death penalty.
And he's against God. [Audience boos] Right? So, you know, when you have guns, oil, and God, and he's doing well in Texas. I don't think so. But I actually know for a fact we're doing very well in Texas. I think we're doing very well all over. I think you're gonna have -- I don't know if it's as much of a sup -- I don't what's a surprise.
As we remember this incredible achievement, let us summon the spirit of generations of Americans before us who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for our beloved country. All of us in this room inherit the legacy of the selfless patriots who won the battles, crossed the oceans, forged the steel, made the breakthroughs, climbed the summits these great beautiful summits, tamed the frontiers, and seized the victories that built America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world.
I mean, in all fairness, I mean, I'm a human being, right? I come in, and here's the problem. I said, "Oh, man, it's too low." I said, "It's too low." So, I had to go -- way too low. Way too low. So, I walk in, and I say, "Shit." There's nothing worse than -- I walk in like this, and I'm -- did you notice? I was bending over like this.
Don't forget, I'm up here now rapping to you guys for 45 minutes without any notes because this stupid teleprompter wasn't working. So I could say like Biden, he'd go like this if the teleprompter. You know, sometimes, no matter how good the equipment, they don't work, right? So if Biden lost the teleprompter, first of all, he's no good with the teleprompter anyway, even when it does work.
Joe endorsed Hillary 100%, and he got along with her even better after she came out with a statement that she wants to destroy coal and coal companies. That's a bad thing. The Democrats want to turn America into one big fat sanctuary city for criminal aliens. And honestly, they're more protective of aliens -- the criminal aliens than they are of the people.
And the USMCA is expected to create tens of thousands of auto jobs that include powerful productions to keep your auto lines going. You -- wait'll you see what happens, it's just kicking in right now. And one of the biggest beneficiaries will be a state named Michigan. And when General Motors went bankrupt, Biden and Obama threw the workers of the Delphi Corporation to the wolves.
We don't win, you know, years ago prior to Vietnam, we never lost a war, right? We never lost the war. Vietnam was a loss, nothing else you can call it. And then after that we now we don't even think about winning. We were losing Iraq, we lose with ISIS, we move, I see a general, the other day being interviewed and they said to him, nice guy.
It's crazy, too high. High -- we pay the highest taxes in the world. By the way, I have the biggest tax decrease of any candidate that's run for office and that's close to 20 people. And Hillary Clinton has the biggest tax increase and she doesn't even want to talk about it. In my opinion, her taxes have to be close to 60% to pay for what she's talking about.
Remember I used to say, we will never be a socialist country. Well, I was right. They skipped socialism. They've got -- I was right. I was right. It will never be a socialist country. I'd say that. State of the Union, I said, "We will not ever allow our country to be a socialist country." I was right. It's gone communist.
They're having a tremendous problem. They're having a tremendous problem right now. Two are killed as of now. And I right now two are killed as of now and I right now two are killed as of now. And I guess there's one that's on the loose or guess there's one that's on the loose or guess there's one that's on the loose or they're having a fight.
Every time you see an increase that's Obamacare, and Obamacare is on its last legs, it's almost finished. Don't forget I had it finished. Did we have it? It was done. Repeal and replace Obamacare.
And tomorrow you will have on television protests. Was it one person or two? It was one person. The contrast in this election could not be more clear. By the way, is there anything like a Trump rally? Governor! [Audience chants USA] Democrats produce mobs. That's what they're doing. But we're winning. Republicans produce jobs.
But somehow they may lose some effectiveness if I introduce them. So they are in the crowd I saw two of them and I won't bother but they are great, great champions of our country. Thank you. Thank you. And also here is a woman who was so I mean she was tough. She was in charge of a great state, Michigan.
They're all the same, and I said, you know, you're rating stink. If you would do a newscast that's conservative, I'd get him a host. I could recommend guys right now. I'd get out my house, will call up, we'll call up, don't take Sean Hannity away from us, please. Don't take our show, that's my problem. I don't want to take away any of our people.You get a Pete Haig.
And by the way, we're having a new book come out on November 3rd. I think it's going to be great. I think it's going to be great. But the art of the deal super PAC and they look very good, and they talk about we love Trump, where they're going to do this. And you know, probably, it's true. I don't want to take any -- I don't want it. I don't want any help.
We had, by the way, four years ago, I wish they could put it up on the screen, we had the strongest border in the history of our country. Now, we have the weakest border in the history of the world, in the history of the world. Oh, there it is. Take a look. That cost a little money to bring that sucker up there.
He was sharper, and he told me he felt stronger and smarter. I'll tell you what, I feel sharper now than I did 20 years ago. I really do. I don't know. It's probably not true. It's probably not true. And I think anybody running for president should take an aptitude or a cognitive test. I do. I think you want to have people that can pass things.
Because of our powerful sanctions, the Iranian economy is doing very, very poorly. We can help them make a very good and short-time recovery. It can all go very quickly, but perhaps they are too proud or too foolish to ask for that help. We are here. Let's see which road they choose. It is totally up to them.
But what that's telling you, and I'm not knocking them because I get along great with President Xi and I love China. I love everybody, but they can't take advantage of us. But it tells you better than anybody with the words and all the words and talk. That tells you what it's about. If I get in, they know it's not going to be so good for them.
You know what? That beautiful phrase is made in the U.S.A. we using it more and more. We will shut down Joe Biden's Border Disaster Institute, remain in Mexico, reimpose Title 42, strengthen ICE. These are great heroes, and Border Patrol. Those are great heroes. They're courageous people. They go into these nests.
And every American should know that if they purchase illegal drugs, they are helping to finance some of the most violent, cruel, and ruthless organizations anywhere in the world. Illegal drug use is not a victimless crime. There is nothing admirable, positive, or socially desirable about it. There is nothing desirable about drugs. They're bad.
Nobody going to mess with your police department, is that right? So Nick, thank you and thank the police department. I appreciate it. So a couple of weeks ago a certain politician, nice politician, Nikki Haley, said in a speech, a rebuttal speech that referring to me, although my name wasn't mentioned, and then ultimately it was confirmed that I'm angry, that I'm very angry.
They recognized us for a lot of things. ISIS, we got rid of ISIS, got you the largest tax cuts in history, got you the largest regulation cuts in history, had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We were energy independent. Think of it, energy independent. We're going to be energy dominant within months.
And a friend of mine who's become very, very popular. I guess that was what that big applause was. I was backstage, and I said, "Who just came in?" I thought Elvis entered the room. [Laughter] It was your Florida Governor, Ron DeSantis. [Applause] Stand up, Ron. That's great, Ron. Great.
All of a sudden he comes out, has a news conference goes vicious against me. I'm not a conservative. I'm not this. I'm not that. I believe in eminent domain, which I don't believe. I think sometimes the city has to use it to build a roadway, right? You know, every once in a while, you have to build a road or you have to build a plant that's going employ 5,000 people or something.
Let's have a little fun. We got plenty of time. I mean here -- I mean, you know. What do we have? Football is boring as hell. That's just not the same, right. I don't know. It used to be said -- he would say, Hey, could you keep it away from a football game?" now they say, "Could you possibly do it during a football game?
But we'll see what happens about that. The Democrats. But let me ask you this Lindsey, Tim, you're pros. These are two of the greatest guys I know. So let me ask you this -- So I don't know what the record attendance is in this arena, but I was told that we broke it by a lot and you get the people outside.
I love that. I think it's great, Bobby. I think it's great. One of the things we're really focused on is bringing down the costs and we haven't been treated very fairly, especially over the last four years. And as you know, we had transparency, which is one of the biggest things that could have happened.
Thank you, Vivek. Great job. Thank you. You know he started off as a rookie, and he did very well. He did very well. He wiped out a lot of guys that have done this stuff for a long time, didn't he? Very well. He's great. Great to have you. Great family, too. In four incredible years, under the Trump administration, we've achieved more than any administration in the history of our country actually.
How about anybody in this audience, go to their doctor, say I'm sorry, can't see you for 12 days. Even if you have, like, a bad cold, you have something. People were going in with nothing much, and they were coming out six months later. They can't see a doctor. They were coming out with a terminal illness that could've been corrected easily.
I actually won that debate by bigger numbers. So maybe they're not -- but it was the most -- by far, the most boring debate. OK? That I could tell. But here's what I'd do with Carrier, I'd say,"Congratulations on your new plant. Have many, many years of success. But here's the problem and here's the bad news, every unit that you make and that you send across our now very strong border, you're gonna pay a 35% tax on that unit." Now folks, and Staten Island has it. I have all your statistics here.
Our Navy is the smallest it's been since World War I, think of that. Smallest since World War I. And rebuilding it will require a national effort. That's why I will ask my Secretary of the Navy to review facilities like the Philadelphia Navy Yard, I know it well. [Applause]
We're going to fight for the workers at Delphi. Anybody here from Delphi? A few? They don't want to raise their hand. This guy had his hand sort of partially up. Are you -- he was like Uh." In other words -- don't worry
What we have is incredible. The F-35 fighter jet, the best in the worlds now, Tankers, new tankers, new freighters. We have everything, $2.5 trillion, all made in the USA. We are the envy of Russia. We are the envy of China. Nobody has the equipment. Even the hydrosonic missiles that Obama messed up on, we have hydrosonic missiles that go seven times faster than a normal missile.
And we took care of these incredible people. And I said, the only bad thing is that I like you guys. I may never see you again. It was very sad, actually. I said goodbye to them and actually, I've never seen them again. They don't need me anymore. But Ben knows this. You remember that period of time and it wasn't that easy to get either.
No other president took in anything, nothing. They ran rough shot over us, but we had four incredible years. Under my leadership, we built the greatest economy and we had a record low unemployment rates. We had the best unemployment rates ever. And they were real unemployment, not like you have today where nobody's working and they consider it to be. It's a whole different thing.
She was in great shape. She wanted to keep herself that way, and she never came back. Never came back. They knew something was wrong. An illegal alien criminal who Joe Biden intentionally released into our country has been, and because he's released tens of thousands of people like this, tens of thousands, because you know they come from jails and they come from mental institutions.
They're totally destroying our Black population, they're totally destroying our Hispanic population. And you know what else they're destroying? And for you, it means a little bit less, but it means quite a bit in this state. They're killing unions. They're killing unions because the unions are not able to survive.
They talk about suburban women, do they like Donald Trump? Yeah, they like Donald Trump. Do you know why? Because they want safety and security, right? They want safety and security, and they don't want low-income housing built next to their beautiful suburban dream. No, we got rid of it. Do you know they had a regulation -- all the women standing up over there.
And look at Washington, they don't even want the Obamacare. They don't have to have that. I wonder why? They don't have to have it. So we're going to take care of it, folks. And we're going to have so many great things. And by the way, we're going to competitive bidding. And I'll tell you what we're going to save so much money and those drug companies are going to hate me so much.
He said, no, Donald, it's going unbelievable in Mexico. He said we're building some of the greatest plants in the world. He said -- he called it the eighth wonder of the world. He said Mexico is the eighth wonder of the world.
Because I'm so excited because we have so much potential. It's true. I don't want to wait for you're freaking applause. We have -- I have so many -- We have we have so much potential. There's so many things to do. I don't really sort of want to wait. I want to do it and I just noticed. I did it again. You were getting ready to give a big applause because you like that and I'm speaking.
I will fix it. Vote for me. I will fix it. [Applause]
As promised, we established the White House VA Hotline, and every VA medical center now offers same-day emergency mental healthcare. Something very important.
Good to see you again. That's pretty good: finance minister of that part of the world. That's not bad. [Laughter] Other parts of the world, not so good, but that one is good. [Laughter] And many other senior government leaders. I also want to recognize the Kingdom's ambassador to the United States, Her Royal Highness Princess Reema.
Other countries catch somebody on the border, they say, sorry, you got to get out. We say, oh, may we have your information. We're taking you to court. Man, today's Democrat Party glorifies illegal immigration, vilifies the heroes of law enforcement, and pledges to dissolve immigration control entirely. They want open borders, they want hundreds of thousands of people to flow into our country, and some of those people, some of those people are stone-cold killers, some of those people in the caravans, right?
And we're asking you to commit to caucus for us and bring as many people as you can. Say, "Irma, let's go." "Well, I really was wanting to watch television." "No. I'm sorry, Irma." Sign up at ia.donaldjtrump.com, OK? [Audience cheers]
You know, the green new scam hit Germany too and guess what? Now they're back to coal. They're opening up coal plants all over Germany. We're the ones that aren't doing it. I call it beautiful clean coal. I tell my people never use the word coal unless you put beautiful clean before it, right Doc? So, we call it beautiful clean coal, beautiful clean coal.
You know what that is? It's a great honor. I had a disease named after me. Trump derangement syndrome wants to get back to how great we had it under the Trump administration. We had the strongest economy in the history of our country. We had the most secure border that we've ever had by far. We had peace all over the world.
And they would have known that on day one. They should have known it because they had the laptop from hell. So they should have known it. You have to say that was truly the laptop from hell, wasn't it, though? Miranda Devine wrote a great book on it and she was very nice. She credited me. She said, I got the name from Donald Trump.
Come 2025, we will find you, and we will deport you. You know, during my term, we had a little bit of a problem with people coming into Washington and want to knock down all of our statues to our great heroes, in many cases, great heroes, but these were beautiful works of art, and they represented Washington.
I think he said in 1988. OK? So now we're talking about -- it was, I guess, 2016. We're talking 2015. You know, whenever this took place, 2015. So I met him many years ago. And I met him more than once he said. You know how many reporters I meet. I'd meet guys -- look at those guys. I meet guys -- I meet so many reporters.
And I spoke to the leader of the Taliban. I got a lot of bad stories because I did that by the fake news media, which is right back there. There was a lot of them. [Audience boos]
They had closed circuit television and we had an amazing time. And to get the support and everybody went there. I think every candidate went there. And because of what it represents, such importance and what happened is in the end Jerry calls. He says, "You know, I want to endorse you." And that had such a huge impact because he's so respected.
And I got the approval from Ireland in a period of a week, and it was a very, very, very efficient good approval. And they informed me though the problem is you're going to have to get it from the EU and we think that will take five to six years. And I said you have to be kidding, and this was before politics.
Just not the guys you see on television. They're real stiffs, real dubs. But these guys are warriors. They don't want to be on television. They want to win fights, OK? They want to win battles. And I said to him, "General, what do you want to do?" "Sir, we can do whatever you'd like to do, sir. We can finish it ourselves, sir, if you'd like." I said, "Well, do we need them?" "Not at all, sir." I said, "So, what do you want to do, general?" "Sir, we have it under control if you want to do it. If you don't want to do it, we understand.
What the hell difference does it make? I have so many, but then I have an enemy in Louisiana. I don't want that, and you need a Republican here. Everyone's Republican. You need a Republican, not a Democrat. It's one of the reasons he gets nothing done. He's a chosen candidate. Think of this, John Bel. He wants open borders.
Well, there's a 17 -- almost a 17 percent difference. So every deal that we make, we are behind 17 percent before we even start. People have known that for years and years and years and it's a defective agreement. Nobody's ever changed it. Believe me, it's going to get changed very quickly, OK? [Applause]
But, it's all made in our great country. We're also, we were passed, we just passed the VA Choice and VA Accountability. And, nobody thought that could be done, and we just got, as I told you, 91 percent approval from our vets, our great vets. We obliterated 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate. People don't talk about that.
It would have never happened. Ukraine, when you think Ukraine, I had a very good relationship with Putin. We talk about it. It was the apple of his eye. It would have never happened. I told him, can't do it. You're not going to do it. October 7th, the attack on Israel, I knew it so well. They had no money because the purveyor of funds was Iran, and Iran was broke.
That's how bad my others covered it from. That's how bad my speech was yesterday. That's how bad you speech was yesterday. That's how bad you speech was yesterday. That's how bad you know if it were bad folks. These guys know if it were bad folks, these guys know if it were bad folks, these guys, they don't care about polls, they don't - they don't care about polls, they don't - they don't care about polls.
The GSA is like the landlord for the United States government services, very professional people.
I am the one who strongly requested 10,000 military soldiers or National Guard to Nancy Pelosi and the Mayor of DC on January 3rd, three days early, because she's in charge of the capital, both of them. And she and the Mayor turned it down. They didn't want it. Secretary of Defense offered it to them. They turned it down.
Some might say it's economic nationalism. I call it common sense. I call it America first. This is the policy that built this country, and this is the policy that will save our country. In the words of a great but highly underrated president, William McKinley, highly underrated, "The protective tariff policy of the Republicans has been made and made the lives of our countrymen sweeter and brighter."
And it reads far worse than anything Bernie Sanders ever said. You know, I thought he'd take what Bernie did and move them somewhat to the right. No, he took what Bernie said and they move way further left. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen, but follow the original statements because that's what's going to happen.
And again, we're going to bring back that American dream for all of the young people in this audience and some of the old ones. This is how we will end the era of inflation mayhem and misery under Kamala and Crooked Joe Biden and unleash safety, prosperity, and promise for Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed.
That's all. That's all. 'Cause they said, "He's not doing well with suburban women." I said, "What about suburban men? How am I doing?" "Well, there you're doing okay. You're doing well with the men, not the women." But Biden has vowed to abolish fracking, right? He says, "We're gonna not frack anymore." He has no, he has no idea what it means. "We are not -- No fossil fuels, no nothing.
It's like a friend of mine called up. He lives in Florida lives in this area. He loves this area. But he's going crazy, he says, I can't turn on the television without seeing a negative ad about you, and I know it's not true. I said don't worry about it. You've got other problems. Don't worry about it. He goes, No. I swear Donald.
We will crush violent crime. We're going to stop violent crime. We're going to have to be tough. Please get ready, you're going to have to be tough. We can't let this happen. Our cities are crumbling. And give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve. [Audience responds affirmatively]
We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God We Trust. For years you had a president who apologized for America, now you have a president who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Arizona.
So say hello to him. [Inaudible] Thank you very much. Thank you very nice. A lot of stories like that. A lot of stories like that. And I want to thank Airman First Class Inman also very much. It's a -- that's a great -- that's a great story. That's a great story. And we have many of them like it. I guarantee in this room right now there are many such stories.
They say if he gets the nomination, we're bringing a lawsuit as to natural-born citizenship. And honestly, I don't know because some people say you have to be born on the land, OK? You have to be born on the land. That's what I always thought before. You have to be born on the land. So he was born in Canada.
You know about the death tax, right. It's called the inheritance tax. You have a small farm, soup place, you have a small business, you have a nice business, you no longer have an inheritance tax or death tax. So if you want to leave it to your children, you can leave it to your children. There's no tax to be paid by your children, so they don't have to go back to the evil bank or borrow money from the banker and lose the farm, lose the business.
It's a disgrace, and let me tell you, it's dishonest, and when he tells that, you talk about quid pro quo, I never had a quid pro quo, how 'bout this quid pro quo? "We're not gonna give you the billion dollars unless you get rid of the prosector, get rid of him out of that company," which is his son. "Stop investigating my son and stop investigating, or I'm not giving you the billion dollars of our money." And then he goes, "Mom, the prosecutor was fired, and they got the billion dollars and the press refuses to write about it," because they are actually equally corrupt.
In Michigan, we have auto plants opening up left and right, and expanding. They haven't seen that in 42 years. We will end our reliance on China. We will make our critical drugs and supplies right here in the United States. And when you see the drug companies, they're very rich, very sophisticated, when you see them taking the ads against Donald Trump, those ads are for one reason, because I'm bringing your drug prices way down, I instituted a favored nations clause.
Well, it's good for our economy, okay? They thought it was going to hurt the German economy. Well, they don't treat us right, they don't pay their bills, they're delinquent. You know what delinquent is? They're delinquent. They don't pay their bills. We protect them; they don't pay their bills. We got to do something, and they treat us horribly on trade through the European Union, which basically they run.
Very simply, we will liberate Los Angeles and make it free, clean and safe again, it's happening very quickly. The One Big, Beautiful Bill, you've heard about it, we call it the One Big -- you know, I was on one of the television shows, I think Deface the Nation. Ladies and gentlemen, Deface the Nation. It's actually called Face the Nation for those of you that are smart enough not to know, because you're better off not knowing.
And together, with the incredible people of Florida, we have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Florida. Get out and vote. Thank you.
And all I say is, it doesn't matter, just get me the biggest arena, and we get these massive arenas like this one, and they're packed. And we put big screens outside so people can see, and it happens because there's something happening in our country, like has never ever been seen before. In the twisted world view of the Washington, very sick Democrats, it was totally fine when crooked Hillary Clinton ran her outrageous pay-for-play schemes out of the State Department.
With me, I get indicted, and my numbers go up. What the hell is going on? Because the people know it's a scam. They understand it. They know we're being scammed. True. It's so true. They want to silence you, demoralize you, and keep you out of politics. Stay the hell out of politics. If I wasn't running, and if I wasn't leading by a lot, you see the polls today.
She does not care about women's rights because she supported destroying women's sports and athletic scholarships. She wants men to play in women's sports. She's one of the leaders, [Audience boos] "Men should play in women's sport" You know, she's far -- further left than Bernie Sanders. Think of it, nobody wanted Bernie Sanders to be president.
Earlier this year, I recognized the true capital of Israel -- as Josh said -- Jerusalem, where we just opened the American Embassy.  They thought it would never be named. And after it was named, they thought it would never get built. And I built it within four months. How about that one? You know that story. Four months.  They came to my office; they had a document to be signed. One billion dollars for the embassy. I said, "$1 billion?" They didn t have a site; they didn t know anything.
Oh, thank you very much. That's right. That's so cute. Nikki and Crooked Joe are both backed by warmongers and left-wing globalist Wall Street millionaires and billionaires who crave to destroy the MAGA movement. People are not happy with MAGA because MAGA's taking over. MAGA's, you know, when they -- you hear the fake news and they say, "Well, MAGA represents 44% of the Republic." No, no.
If it's good, I say that's the most accurate poll perhaps ever. And I know they have it. I guess it gets announced after. I want to find out. Are you going to? Oh, he won't, he won't tell me. I know Matt, he won't tell me. Well, whatever the hell they get it released, I'll tell you. Here's the story. If it's bad, it'll be front page news in the newspapers.
One of my folks come up. First of all, they all said, remember, you can't build a wall. China built a wall 13,000 miles long and 2,000 years ago, 2,000 years ago, the Great Wall of China. This is the Great Wall of Trump, I guess. I don't know.. Boy, what spirit the people of Buffalo have, right? What spirit.
However, Hillary Clinton -- who has been forced to say the words today after policies she supports have caused us so much damage -- still has no clue what Radical Islam is, and won't speak honestly about what it is.
The change will begin my first day in office.
And he just made a statement on Israel. It lasted for less than 10 minutes, which is better than usual when you think about it. And naturally, he didn't take any questions. I take questions from everybody. I do a press conference in the Oval Office, I would have some hostile people that you almost wonder, why are you so angry?
We could have left under strength and dignity in the same period of time. It didn't have to take long. We could have been respected right now. I don't know that we'll ever recover from this, from allies to everything else. And you know what? Every ally's take an advantage of us. So I'm less concerned about.
And we would have gone all the way. But we wanted to let them see if they can handle it first, but they turned out that they can't. They cannot handle it. Democrat-run cities are a disaster in the United States. We appointed almost 300 judges to interpret the laws of the Constitution as written, including three Supreme Court justices.
North Carolina lost over 300,000 manufacturing jobs, like taking candy from a baby, including 60 percent of its furniture manufacturing jobs. You know, I used to come here to buy furniture. I'd come here, the -- the artists you had, there were artisans, they were incredible. I'd like to see a new handle on the chair, and you'd have a guy, "Oh, yes, sir."
Remember, I had that debate with Joe Biden? He said "Oh, they come back." Yeah. They don't come back. They don't come back. No, they don't come back, like never. Maybe one percent, but I doubt it. That's the end of them. You let them loose in our country, I got rid of it, you think that was easy? And install sanctuary cities all across the country, that's what they want.
Your crime is destroying you here, and your guy is a disaster. Your people -- your Shapiro guy is a disaster as the attorney general. But you have soaring taxes and left-wing anarchy. That's what's happening on your streets. As a state senator, Doug strongly opposed COVID lockdowns. I got to know him very well because he was more than anybody else.
She should be locked up. I'll tell you right now. What she's done -- what she's done, she ought to be ashamed of herself. And you know what? Our government ought to be ashamed of itself for allowing it to happen. [Applause]
I mean he -- by the way, I'm at 69%. He's at 1% he got. He came in last. He takes the ad -- and I shouldn't even talk about it. He's down to two or three, but I -- it bothers me when I see a guy spending $60 million on ads against me, a lot of it, right?
And we're going to, in our country, restore law and order. We have to, we have to restore law and order. [Applause]
All presidents let our country be ripped off, and that's why we're in the mess that we're in. But me, no. But that's why, I have to put it mildly, in particular, Iran, you know, don't forget, with Iran they were the sponsor of terror like nobody else was the sponsor of terror. And they were broke under the Trump administration because I put all sorts of sanctions on -- I put all sorts of -- countries couldn't buy their oil or they couldn't do business in the United States.
They were ready to make a deal. They were broke. And a Democrat politician last week said on, I think, Deface the Nation, a show called Deface, "Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump won." Deface the Nation. Now, it's sometimes referred to as Face the Nation. I like Deface the Nation better. But it was on that, and another one was on Meet the Press.
My administration strongly rejects this offshoring model, and we've embraced a new model -- it's called the American model. Very simple: The American model. [Applause]
So, go ahead and criticize me for telling it like it is. Go ahead and have your fun. Liberal, fake news media, if you want to do, just do what you have to do, but we're trying to save a country from actual destruction. [Audience responds affirmatively]
Nobody had ever heard about it, seen it. Nobody thought it was even possible, and we figured it out. We did a really great job. I always said, "You know, I've gotten a lot of credit for a lot of things, but we never got enough credit for that." Operation Warp Speed, a lot of the things that we did were incredible, including Regeneron, and some of the therapeutics were absolutely incredible.
I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. We never got $0.10. Not one president took in $0.10 from China. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars. And now they want to stop. They want to not charge China. When the left-wing mobs came out to sack the city of Kenosha two years ago this month, you remember I was here, I sent the National Guard and we saved the city from total destruction.
Disgraceful. And the whole world is watching. And the whole world gets it. And the whole world understands exactly what's going on.
Chief Phillips, you did us all proud. Please, stand up Chief Phillips. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. You are Army strong. Thank you very much, Chief. From the American Revolution until today, the story of the Army is the tale of an unbroken chain of American patriots who gave all they had for this country.
No, it's so horrible. But you know, she hasn't done an interview, like, in 30 days or something like that. And I do one every day. If I pass a -- I just did one backstage. I just did one backstage with a very good reporter. But you're supposed to -- don't you sort of have an obligation? You know, you're running, they're going to try -- this is her form of the basement.
Our country's going to hell. It's going to hell. So the press goes down and they see it and it was... it was such a dud. They were devastated. They thought they'd say, Trump isn't... you know, they all said I wouldn't file and I wouldn't run because maybe I'm not as rich as people think, right? That's what they said that.
We're saving our country, and I love doing it. I love doing it. People ask me two questions. "Sir, could I ask you a question?" "Yeah. What's your question?" "How do you take it?" "How do I take what?" "How do you take it?" They indict you every time you go on television. They indict you. They indict you for nothing.
By the way, can those people fly or what? How about Naval Air Station Pensacola? Good place, right? And it's really time. This isn't a Republican thing or Democratic thing or anything. It's time for Democrats in Congress to drop the threats of shutdowns of government and support a clean appropriations bill that fully supports and funds our military. We can't play games anymore. [Applause]
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Wisconsin, we have made America powerful again we have made America wealthy again we have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Wisconsin. Thank you very much. Get out and vote. Thank you very much.
We didn't have one terror attack during my administration with all the terror attacks all over the world. We didn't have countries fighting each other. They wouldn't have done it without my permission. They would call me up to ask whether or not they could go to war with some other country. And I said, "You can't do that. And if you do that, I'm going to put big, big taxes all over you."
These are corrupt. And you know what? Forget about me. They indicted 18 fine people. 18 people like you. In some cases, elderly. They signed a slate, just like Thomas Jefferson did slates. They got slates, just like they did to me in 2016. They wanted a slate for Alabama that I won by 45 points. They said, "Maybe he didn't win Alabama," but I won by 45 points.
Pride in our institutions, our history, and our values should be taught by parents and teachers, and impressed upon all of those who come into our society and want to join our society. Assimilation is not an act of hostility, but an expression of compassion. Our system of government and our American culture is the best in the world and will produce the best outcomes for all who adopt them. [Applause]
He's against somebody who doesn't have what it takes. So, I just want to say hello to Mike Rogers. Mike, thank you very much, Mike. You want come up? Come. And I'm going to tell Mike, say a couple of words, and he's got a big speaking engagement. I said, "Mike, say a couple of words, and it will be OK."
How the hell do you do that? What is $1.8 billion in cash look like? They must have looked at that, they said, man, planeloads of cash. I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and instead of endless wars, we are forging peace in the Middle East, and I was nominated for three Nobel Prizes and not once -- I didn't get one story, I didn't get one story.
Sid. You know, I watched it on television, the first race and the second. They said, "Sir, you know, it's a very close race." They're telling him, some interviewer, radical left probably, said -- he said, "Texas is going to be very close." He said, "I don't know where you come from, son, but Texas is not going to be very close.
Even a single individual can be devastating, just look at what happened in Orlando. Can you imagine large groups?
You get them to withdraw that tax immediately," and they came back and they said, "It doesn't work." I said, "You have another day and then I'll make a call." And they came back and they said, "We can't do it. They've already passed it." I said, "That's okay. Let me go -- get me Emmanuel Macrone of France.
We have the highest numbers we probably -- minimum 30 years, but probably have ever had because there's such an incredible spirit now in our country. We have a whole new spirit. And it began on a date, November 5th. That was Election Day. Under the Trump administration, America is back at America's military is back bigger, better and stronger than ever before.
He will be against ethanol if anything ever happened, like a minor miracle. I would call it a major miracle. Unlike DeSantis, I will be your ethanol champion for four more years, and I'll be a farmer's champion and a manufacturer's. You know, you're a big manufacturing state. A lot of people don't talk about it, but we're going to be everything for your state.
We need strong leadership. We cannot have leaders who show more passion for condemning their fellow Americans than they have ever shown for standing up to Democrats, the media, and the radicals who want to turn America into a socialist country. Instead of attacking me and, more importantly, the voters of our movement, top establishment Republicans in Washington should be spending their energy in opposing Biden, Pelosi, Schumer, and the Democrats.
Paid for by somebody else.
Your Senators Rick Scott and Marco Rubio. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you. Leader Kevin McCarthy. Kevin, thank you very much. [Applause] Great job you do, Kevin.
We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the United States of America just as the price of oil reached an all-time high. What other country would do such a foolish and self-destructive thing? We can be energy independent, and we can even be energy dominant. And yes, quickly says that President Trump is saying you'll be energy dominant very soon.
Great. Thanks, Aric. Thanks very much. We also have some people of great distinction. Justice David Viviano is here with us. David. Thank you, David. Highly respected justice. Thank you, David. Judge Patrick O'Grady. Patrick is here someplace. Where's Patrick? Another one, highly respected. So, whatever you're doing, keep it -- keep it going good.
Like, 90 percent of the time, you win the presidency and, for whatever reason, you lose the midterm. We can't let that happen. And the word is complacent.
Go ahead. Unidentified
They call them catapulters. And so they said, "Really, sir, wouldn't you rather see the admiral first?" No, the ship is $10 billion over budget. I don't need the admiral. I want to find out what the hell happened because the catapults weren't working. So for 50 years, we used steam more. And that beautiful scene, that steam goes off, and that plane gets thrown the hell off, the power, beautiful, and it's cheap.
In four short years under President Trump, we passed the largest tax cuts in history, the largest regulation cuts in history. We unleashed American energy, and real income surged by more than $4,200 in just a short number of months. I mean, we -- we -- it was -- nobody -- you never had it so good. Now, you're not doing so well.
And Cory and Hope, the staff, the whole group, and Charles and Dan. And what a group we have. It's just been amazing.
and on november $YEAR 8 i'll be back I'll be back so much to North Carolina
No. 1, it's obsolete, because it doesn't really cover properly terrorism. No. 2, you have countries in there, because I read this someplace, that aren't paying what they're supposed to pay, and some aren't paying practically at all. And we're protecting them. And if something happens to them, what do we do? Go into World War 3 over a country that's not even paying us. And the next day in the press, oh, that's terrible.
And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. If I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you and I fight harder than any President has ever fought for his people. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, thank you.
We have nothing. We have nothing. Right now Iran is talking to Iraq. They're going to take it over. In fact, Russia is now talking to Iraq. They're going to do some bombing and -- of ISIS which frankly, I think is a great thing. Let Russia bomb ISIS. What are we talking about? What are we talking about? They want to bomb them, let them bomb them.
I got 1.1 million more votes than DeSanctimonious. You know, they said, "Oh, he did well in Florida." Well, I did a lot better than he did. I got 1.1 million votes more than he did. Right now, I don't think he's even electable in Florida. You want to know the truth? If you want to look at it. But we'll do regulation cuts, energy price cuts, and interest rate cuts.
These are minor details though, according to the Biden administration. But an electric truck, you'd have to stop. It goes 300 miles. So, you got 2,000 miles versus 300 miles. That means you'd have to stop six or seven times. Whereas, the other way, you don't have to stop at all. And the trucking industry is up in arms, because they don't know what to do. They're all going to be out of business.
Everyone's shocked because the Hispanics that are here legally, those people, they want me -- they know I'm going to bring jobs and everything else. They don't want people pouring in. But I will tell you, Mexico has got to help us. You know, if you want to become a citizen of Mexico, if Todd wants to become a -- you can't get a more beautiful family.
I had 25 and we're going to take it out of that list. And we're going to be announcing a list over the next couple of weeks with the judges that we had, plus we might add a few more. So you know exactly where we stand. He can't do it, because he would appoint -- It's not him. He has no choice. The radical left will demand that he appoints super radical, left, wild, crazy justices.
This attack, just like the attack on October 7th or the Ukraine-Russia war, think of it, no one country busting inflation -- you know, inflation is destroying our country. None of it would have happened. It would have never happened if we were president. It wouldn't have happened. It's a dangerous and terrible time for the world, and it's almost the entire fault of incompetent Biden-Harris administration, she who says that she wasn't the border czar.
You're going to have a winner. I give you my word. You're going to have a winner. We're going to make our country so good. [Audience chants "Trump"] I love you. I love you. Love you. We're going to make our -- thank you, and I love you, too. I love you, too. I do. We're going to make our country strong again.
Rural America, look, it's the backbone. It's the heart of our country. We'll take care of it, OK? Just -- you just hang in. We'll get it done. Thank you. OK, how about one more? If it's a good one -- we'll end in a good one, always end on a good one, right?
And we still beat her badly, right? So I mean, what's the big deal? But I want information. The Republicans are not doing their job. They should be able to get me all of the questions prior to the debate. This all comes after a secret tape that shows Hillary Clinton calling Bernie voters -- now let Bernie is -- I feel sorry for Bernie.
But you know what? In the end, it's better. You're going see. You'll see. [Laughter] You'll see. Today, you take your place as officers in the most powerful Air Force in the history of our country and, frankly and very easily, in the history of the world. America commends the integrity, devotion, and commitment of the Class of 2019. When you choose the Air Force, you choose the noble road of service and duty and devotion.
You know, the wind is blowing. I said, "Is there any wind outside?" "Yes, sir. 50 miles an hour." Oh, that's good. The stairs are shaking, I'm shaking, the whole thing. By the time I get into the car, I end up running the last -- By the time I get into that car, I'm wiped out, okay? I got to say. Does anybody have a mirror?
Then the number comes out, 266,000 with an adjustment. Remember about four months ago, when we had one little period, right? We had one a little period where there was a little downturn. They said, "Oh, oh, we think we're going into a recession." I said, "Don't worry about it." "We think we're going into a recession." They were willing to lose their wealth, they were willing for their stocks and whatever the hell they own.
Perhaps it'll go down -- and I've been pretty good at predicting things. I think it's going to go down as the worst single thing that's ever happened to Israel. I think it's a catastrophe for Israel.
They laugh at the stupidity of these people. All over the world, they're coming from the Congo in Africa. Twenty-two prisoners right out of prisons from the Congo in Africa. Not just South America. Meanwhile, our crime rate is going up. How about where they say, "Our crime rate is going down." We just had 117 people shot.
I can just see these people you believe. I can just see these people they say can you believe how stupid they they say can you believe how stupid they they say can you believe how stupid they are, who would make deals like this and are who would make deals like this and are who would Make deals like this and we have many of them.
Your numbers are terrible, by the way. For the first time ever, the all-in cost of car ownership is now over $1,000 a month, never been anywhere near that, ,ore than 20 percent of the median worker's wage just to have an average car. This is a catastrophe for the American dream and a dire crisis for American automakers.
Everything. If you make donuts, everything is more expensive. It's so bad. When you look at food prices now, where it's gone up by double and triple and quadruple, and you can never get that back. But we're going to get it way down, I promise you. And we're going to bring your energy so low that other things will follow.
And you know what, if they did a good job, I wouldn't have run and if they did a good job, then I guess, I wouldn't have won. When you think, I wouldn't have run and I wouldn't have won, but they were so bad and it turns out that was so totally corrupt. We did not come this far to overcome this much and fight this hard, only to surrender our country back to the depraved Washington swamp.
So, the President of Ukraine declared that there was no pressure put on me. Now, he's the only one that matters. There was no pressure. He said it all different ways, there was no pressure. They don't even know what they're talking about. It's a scam. It's a hoax. The Ukrainian foreign minister stated, and I quote, Ambassador Sondland did not tell us, and certainly, did not tell me about a connection between the assistance and the investigation, he's never told them.
It's we - because it is we - it's a movement, it's we - because it is we - it's a movement, it's we - so you've got to go out. So you've got to go out. So you've got to go out. I - I kid when I say if you're in bed, if I - I kid when I say if you're in bed, if I I kid when I say if you're in bed, if you're sick, if you can't walk if the - you're sick, if you can't walk - if the - You're sick, if you can't walk - if the doctor says you cannot leave, I don't doctor says you cannot leave.
Look at these young people. You know something I said on the way up and I was saying it before that I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm putting up my own money. I don't know if it's worth it. I'll let you know in about a year from now or less. But I think it means a lot. And the reason is, all of these people that I'm running against, and that includes the Republicans and the Democrats, they're not doing it the way I'm doing it. When Hillary gets money from the oil industry and all the other industries, when the case it gets money from the people he's getting money, they totally control him.
You can't let this happen. This is only happening, in all fairness, because we're leading tremendously in the polls. If I wasn't running or if I wasn't leading by a lot, they wouldn't care. Honestly, if I was in seventh place -- But think of it, I wonder, we have 11 or 12, including some Democrats, so you had a few Democrats, I don't know what happened to them, they're gonezo.
He made up the statement. No, he didn't, he didn't. So, that means Nancy Pelosi said no, the statement that he made up. But it's all going to end soon and it's going to come out to a beautiful, great victory for the Republican Party and for this nation. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you very much.
You know what they do with me? They make my answer worse. They write -- no, they take out -- like if I give -- because I -- I do the weave. You know the weave? I'll tell a story, and I'll go, from here, bing. It's actually genius, I have to say. Fair and smart people say it's total genius. But they say, "Oh, he wandered."
[Audience member calls out "Yes"] [Audience cheering] Now, none of the other candidates are even coming. You know very little, to Connecticut, and I'm coming a lot together. I don't take anything, we can't take anything for granted. I know the poll numbers working. You have to forget the poll numbers because a lot of times people say, "Oh, Trump he's going to win.
If somebody tweets he gets upset. I get upset? I don't get upset. I don't get upset. Somebody wrote that. You know, it was a nice little sound bite, right? They just announced I have over 22 million between Twitter and Facebook. Twenty two million people. That's like -- I don't get upset if somebody tweets, I do what I do. Who cares?
At the center of my jobs plan will be fixing our terrible trade deals. Forty seven million Americans are in poverty and 45 million Americans are on food stamps. This is in our country, 45 million. We have nearly an eight-hundred-billion-dollar annual trade deficit in goods with the World Trade and the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression.
Remember that? Well, we came up with the 12. What happened? Where are we? Let me tell you, they have global warming, right? They said global warming. They used to call it, but now they call it climate change. You know why? Because climate change covers cold. If it's too cold, if it's too -- climate change.
The extraordinary workers of this region are the ones who forged the steel that shaped our city skylines, and mined the coal that powered our industries. They farm the fields, man the assembly lines, and loaded those railcars. They gave their best each and every day to build the proudest and mightiest nation the world has ever seen.
Well, I want to thank everybody, because this was a rough, rough day for all of us. You know that? And I have to start by saying, hello, Illinois, special place, special people, great people. Hello, Illinois. And I'll tell you what, with this crowd, Mike Bost is going to win big. He has to win big. He has to win big.
No matter your age, your income, your background, I am asking you to join us in this great, great adventurous world that we're living in. We're going to make it less adventurous. We're going to make it safer and better than it's ever been before.
Then I said, "Joe, say the words, 'Law enforcement," say the words, "Law and order." He wouldn't do it. He wouldn't do it. Number one, he couldn't remember the two words in conjunction. But more importantly, he didn't want to lose the radical left. Because if he says those words, he loses the radical left.
And Karoline Leavitt. Do you know Karoline? What a dynamo. Where is Karoline? She is -- I'll tell you, I watch her just chew people up on television. She's backstage working. She's here, I can tell you that. But -- and she's fantastic. And her parents are here, too. And congratulations. You really, really gave us somebody very special.
Instead, foreign nations will be worried about losing their jobs to America. We're bringing them all back. German car companies can become American car companies. In other words, what I'm saying is they've got to build their plants in America with you people operating them. We can beat China in electronic production.
And in the endorsement, they said, "She's the absolute worst, and you cannot let her become -- " You ought to see their endorsement. I like the second part even better than the first. She's the worst. But they've taken over. This gang has taken over Times Square in New York City. Let's take a look. [Begin videotape]
We'd be having a much more thriving country. We'd be doing great. But you can't have China taking our jobs, taking our money, making our products, leasing. And the amazing thing, then they do all of this and then they loan us money and we pay them interest. And what do they do? They manipulate our currency.
I, you know, I'm more focused on China, if you don't mind." And when I heard that, I said, "That's terrible." I called the commissioner of football, the commissioner of Big Ten, nice guy. Warren. I said, "Commissioner, we gotta get it back." And he was good and we worked very hard. I had a great group of people, Tim Pataki and some others.
Thank you very much. Good to have you. Thanks. Great to have you. You look great. Also, a woman who's really talented, and she's been amazing. She just loves the campaign and loves the country, and she's brought her whole staff with her. She's a very important person, politically, but she's actually free press in the true sense.
The problem with wind, it's very expensive, they're very expensive to do. They really litter the landscape in my opinion. I mean, it's OK putting it in industrial locations and things. But when you see some of these fields, especially when you see like 15 different manufacturers, they're all different shapes colors, sizes, it's terrible, it's terrible.
An incredible lawyer, one of the most respected lawyers in the country, John Cole. John? Thank you. Thank you, John. And Stephen Moore, we all know he's got great predictions if Trump wins. If Trump doesn't win, he says it's going to go bad. It's going to go bad fast. Stephen Moore, highly, highly respected economist.
We have the smartest, we have the greatest, we have the best negotiators in the world and we're going to use them to make these massive deals. And we're going to bring our wealth back to our country and we're going to save our social security and our Medicare and we're going to save our jobs and we're going to start making product again.
We did much better in 2020. But there is much more enthusiasm now than there was even in 2020 or 2016, not even close. But we did better with everything. And we're doing better with women, with Asian Americans, with kids with MIT diplomas. Of course, that gets hurt a little bit now. MIT has been a little injured with the three people.
But the one thing that wouldn't have happened, we would have never taken the military. You take the military out last -- and we lost 13 lives and many people obliterated, and hundreds of people were killed on both sides. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve.
You can't do anything in the evening. Although, tonight, I'm going to the UFC fight at Madison Square. Dana White. You know, Dana White, the great Dana White? There's a guy I'd like to make my defense chief. I wouldn't call him my defense chief. I'd call him my offense chief. He'd be my offense chief. But he's done a great job.
They're going to make it bigger. Why do we get out of it? We get nothing. Look at this area? Look at the state of Pennsylvania that I love. They're ripping our businesses out. They're taking our heart out. They're taking our jobs out, and we're not going to let them get away with it anymore. [Audience cheers] And the system is rigged.
But they have to get it out of our schools and they have to ban it in our workplaces and ban it in our states and ban it in federal agencies and ban it in our military, maybe most importantly. In addition, if government run schools are going to teach children to hate our country and racism, racism, racism, parents must be given the power to opt out of the horrible, horrible schools.
And right behind him, the whole city was burning to the ground. Do you remember that? As far as the eye could see. It was all flames, and I [Audio gap] massive. It looked the biggest fire I've ever seen. And he said [Audio gap] That's right, CNN. This is a -- this has been a friendly protest, friendly. No, it's one of the greatest scenes in the history of [Audio gap] And behind it, I don't mean like there's a little smoke.
Democrat officials and politicians in every swing state systematically weakened every measure to combat election fraud. They ensured that there were no identity checks, no signature checks. "I want to check your signature, please." "I'm sorry, we don't let you do that." No eligibility checks, no nothing.
Yet nearly four in 10 African-American children still live in poverty and 58 percent, as I said, of young African-Americans are not working. They cannot find a job. We must do better as a country. I refuse to believe that the future must be like the past. It won't be. Our future is going to be a great future for everyone. For everyone. [Applause]
And perhaps most beautifully of all, we have made peace together. And this week, against all odds, we have done the impossible and brought our hostages home. So now we're going to forge a future that is worthy of our heritage. We're going to build a legacy that all the people of this region can be proud of. New bonds of friendship, cooperation, and commerce will join Tel Aviv to Dubai, Haifa, to Beirut, Jerusalem to Damascus, and from Israel to Egypt, from Saudi Arabia to Qatar, from India to Pakistan, from Indonesia to Iraq, from Syria to Bahrain, Turkey, to Jordan, the United Arab Emirates to Oman and Armenia to Azerbaijan, another war that I just settled.
Let's swamp them. Pennsylvania, let's swamp them. You've got to get out. [Applause]
And now it's much better than even Election Day. I saw that -- they just showed that to me inside. Much better than even Election Day. And we did well on Election Day. That was about one minute after the polls closed. "Donald Trump has won the state of Ohio."" That wasn't too close
I saved the dishwashing industry, I saved the washer dryer, many industries, because they were dumping product. It wasn't as good, but it was pretty good. And they were dumping product into the United States. I saved so many different manufacturers. If you look at Whirlpool in Ohio, they had such a problem.
They weren't crimes. Nor is paying money under an NDA. So, we have an NDA, nondisclosure agreement. It's a big deal, a nondisclosure agreement. Totally honorable, totally good, totally accepted. Everybody has them. Every company has nondisclosure agreements. But the press called it slush fund and all sorts of other things.
Actually, they're going to sue the country but they're going to sue him. And that's a big problem. I wanted to mention one other thing because, in Iowa... while we're talking about Iowa. So, price per head per vote. Leading the pack, ladies and gentlemen, with the fabulous... He shouts out Bush. How did you know?
Thank you, Bernie. Great job you're doing. How are we doing in Pennsylvania? Okay?
He is a crooked, incompetent thief and he shouldn't be allowed to be the president. And the Republicans better get tough and they better get smart, because most of them look like a bunch of weak jerks right now. And you got to get tough and smart, and you have to fight fire with fire. You can't allow this to go on. So I spoke much differently prior to that happening.
Al has done an amazing job with CPAC. And it's not that he really has -- Where is he? He's around here someplace. He has done really an amazing job. Everybody wants to be here. When he calls you come here and we get our point across. I have to tell you, the people in this room are people that want to see this country be great again.
Not going to happen any more folks. Not going to happen anymore. [Applause] So here's the story. Bottom line. The bottom line. It is -- first of all, it's great to be with you. This is incredible. [Applause] We expected -- and this was just set up recently. We -- and we had -- by the way, last night, I don't know if you saw, we had an unbelievable evening in Salt Lake City, Utah.
He's gone. He's gone. He was killed. We fully rebuilt the United States military. Created space force. Everybody laughed. Everybody laughed. Remember when the press secretary with the extremely red hair, remember what she said? She laughed at when space force was benching. She laughed. Remember that? And she got decimated by everybody when she laughed, because we need space force.
And they cut it off before the end, they don't see any -- I say, "Russia if you're listening." Oh, these people is sick. He wants to erase your borders. Yeah, that was supposed to be a joke, right. It was a joke. It was a joke. Everybody was laughing, but they refused to go that extra quarter of a second.
You think that was in the teleprompter? I don't think so. I don't think so. No. I thought it was a good thing to talk about. We're here with a great group of patriots and I think it's a very important thing to talk about frankly, and we'll talk about it more and more. But, it's really been a process that's been quite amazing to watch, and I think very positive for our country.
It's up like 8000%. And the truth is, it's great. But you know, children -- This has been proven now because we've had the ultimate test. Children have to go to school. They have to be with other kids. They have to be with classmates. And they don't catch it. Barron Trump -- You know Barron Trump, my very tall son?
We're going to take care of so many things. But I like to say, conservative with heart because a lot of people think, if you're a Republican, you don't have heart. You're mean, you're horrible people. Doesn't work that way. I've got over my plans and somebody said, "Oh well, that's not conservative." You know it's sort of interesting.
So we've made this incredible progress together with your help, with the help of the millions and millions of people that -- well, some polls got it right. But not all polls got it right. But they showed up, and the beginning of that night, people are saying, "You know, this could be a big problem for the Democrats."
When a Republican came in, they wouldn't talk to him. The same worker was instructed not to ask for any voter ID and not to attempt to validate any signatures if they were Democrats. She also told to illegally and was told backdate ballots received after the deadline and reports that thousands and thousands of ballots were improperly backdated.
And we will help our friends in Haiti who've been ripped off by the Clintons for years to recover and rebuild. And by the way, the people of Haiti truly hate the Clintons. You know what's happened there. They hate the Clintons. [Applause]
Now I think he -- when he said that, they probably went nuts in the White House, and a lot of people said he wasn't supposed to say that, but he probably said the truth. But when you get right down to it, how do you endorse somebody that's under criminal investigation. And we'll have to see what happens, folks.
But this administration is going to fix that. One by one, we're fixing it. We're working right now on NAFTA -- the horrible, terrible NAFTA deal that took so much business out of your state and out of your cities and towns, and we're working on it. Let's see what happens. [Applause]
What would you rather do? Would you rather be on the side of the person who spent the least money and won or the most money and lost? Who do you want as your president? OK. I mean, we had people that spend much more money than me and they came in seventh place. I spent relatively little money. I put it up myself and came in first place.
Our trade deficit in goods with the world is now, think of it, $800 billion. Trade deficit. Can you imagine? This subtracts directly from our growth. Our economy grew only 1.1 percent in the last quarter, a total disaster, a number that's so low they went back and they checked and guess what? They found it was too high; they had to reduce it even further. That was last week. This is the legacy of Barack Obama, this is the legacy of Hillary Clinton. If you, for any reason, have a really bad day, and it happens to be Hillary, it'll be four more years of Obama, but worse. It'll be four more years of high taxes, four more years of ISIS growing all over the place, four more years of Obamacare going up 40, 50, 60 percent. Nobody can afford it, the deductibles are so high it doesn't work anyway. You have to be hit by a truck and die slowly, very, very slowly. You'll never get to use it. That's OK; don't get hit by a truck.
New Hampshire is through the roof. There's love. I'm telling you folks, there's love in the room. We are going to turn this around. We're gonna get this country going again. There's love in the room. And you see Hillary -- I mean, did you watch that? What happened to her? She's terrible. She's terrible. Donald Trump is on video and ISIS is using him on the video to recruit.
Thank you. Latinos for Trump. That's what I like. I love that. Latinos, we're doing well with Latinos. Nobody knows about it yet. We're bringing in so many jobs in. You watch what happens. The Hispanics, we love the Hispanics. Thank you, everybody. So, so I said to my people, what the hell are you doing?
Let's take -- OK, I mean, I get that too. She hands them out like it's cookies. Here -- some -- I heard a commentator who happens to be standing right there the other day, doesn't like us at all, but, but said, I've never seen anyone hand out so many subpoenas. [Audience shouts "Boo"] I have people getting subpoenas I never heard of and said who are those people?
I would. If you're right I'll pay you for yourself if you're wrong. We'll split it. You'll do it the other way right. So then I found out I was right. All right. Two hundred. So when I won I do you know when I say I'm not doing it. Ma rk Burnett called me good guy. He did the apprentice survivor you know.
I brought up Dr. Hannibal Lecter, and we're allowing him in our country. You watch. You watch. These fake people, they'll say, "Again, he brought up Hannibal Lecter. It has absolutely nothing to do -- " You know I do the weave, right? The weave, it's genius. You bring up Hannibal Lecter. You mention insane asylum, Hannibal Lecter.
Did anybody see him playing golf? No. He just happened to be standing on the runway when this plane came by. Oh, hi, hey, I've had a plane for a long time and nobody's ever done that in years. Does it happen that way? We're in a rigged system, and what's taking place is horrible. And I'll tell you and I said it before, this is all a great embarrassment to our great country.
No it's true. No, I mean that in a respectful way. Because what they did to him with Hillary was bad. But this time was even wor -- worse. Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren would have left the campaign one day before Super Tuesday Bernie with her ideology basically cause she's a radical left. And she was really fresh to him.
That is beautiful. That is beautiful. And not a lot of notice either. We just wanted to be here. You know we won North Carolina, that put us right over the top. Thank you everybody. Thank you. And we're going to put our country over the top. We're going to make America great again. Believe me.
We're going to make so much money. We're going to pay off debt, reduce your -- we got more liquid gold than Russia, Saudi Arabia, Bobby. So, have fun with pesticides, but the liquid gold, you have to leave with me. We'll do very well. Nice, clean energy. We're going to give you so much energy. But we have a lot of people.
Israel would've never, ever been attacked. Iran was broke. Under my administration, Iran was stone-cold broke. There was a Democrat congressman the other day, he was on Deface the Na -- ladies and gentlemen, Deface the Nation. It's a h- -- it's a horrible show. But they're all horrible. Meet the fake press.
Some good, some not-so-good. Some want to get involved. Carly, I wouldn't want. I mean, what you did to that company. I'm not interested in Carly, to be honest with you. But no, seriously. I have the best negotiators in the world calling. Carl Icahn, great. He's made a fortune. He doesn't want money. He just wants to do it. I said, Carl, handle China.
Think of this, about 77, about 10 years, 12 years. Anybody in their 60s or 70s? Would you like to say, "I'm just about there darling?" You're 62 years old. "I'm just about there darling, but I see Nikki Haley wants to make it 10 years longer." Despite being completely unelectable, and I believe she's unelectable, Nikki is a continuing -- She's got a continuing plan in a shameless, radical left craziness because she's basically a Democrat.
They want them to sign up and vote. And we have the head of our great Republican Party here, and he is not letting it happen wherever you may be, right? Wherever you may be. You're doing a great job. You know that, right? They're coming in, and they're trying to sign them up. Because I used to say like only two reasons this could be happening.
A politician doesn't know it. They're all talk and no action. All they know how to do is get re-elected. That's all they know how to do. When you see the remembrance folks and when you see all the problems. We're not going to have that kind of problem. We're going to have a lot of winning. We're going to be doing a lot of winning.
He wasn't well, there were hardly anybody there. Every once in a while, I'd see a Biden that'd be waving to the people. I'd see Biden, I'd say, "Wow." I waved to her anyway. Who cares? But was it a hundred to one? It's just massive. And you'll read tomorrow that he had a massive crowd also. Pennsylvania lost more than one in three manufacturing jobs after NAFTA and China's entry into the WTO.
That's a Hillary supporter. You know, I always say -- here's the sad thing. So a guy like that -- so a single person, always wants to be right in the line of the camera, right? Stands up. He's gone in a couple of minutes. Tomorrow the headlines, protest that -- it's really sad. We have like 2,000 people here and that the headline will be this -- wait, I got to say, this person.
He is fighting our vote. No, I'm not fighting our vote. You have ballots that you go out and you can get, you could request as you know, you can request them and that's fine. But if you're not requesting them, when you get millions, about 80 million, they say, all over the United States, where the hell are they going?
Great, Mike. Oh, you got to get out and vote for Mike. Very important. He'll be -- he'll be the best senator you've had. He will do things that nobody else could do. We're all so pleased to be joined by a warrior, a friend of mine, and a congressman who fought for me. And he -- he will always fight for me.
It's so stupid. What we're doing in our country is so stupid. If you want to make our country safe for violent criminals, vote for the radical, crazy Democrats. If you want to make it safe for your family, your children, and for law-abiding Americans, you must vote Republican and do it quickly and get Murkowski out of here because she's not a Republican.
Oftentimes they know you have it and they say, "No, thank you. We're not going to mess with her." In addition, according to newly released data from the FBI, last year, there were not one, not two, not three, but four active shooters who were taken out by an armed civilian bravely exercising their Second Amendment rights, saving countless innocent lives.
You'll be reading about it tomorrow. So I killed them on leadership. I killed them on the economy, killed them on the military, and who's going to protect from ISIS? Oh I'll be so good for you. I'm going to make our military so powerful, so strong, so strong. I'm going to make it so incredibly powerful and strong that we'll never have to use it. Nobody's going to mess with us folks.
Loyal citizens like you help build this country, and together we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people, which is true. It's been your movement. This has been your movement. We stand on the shoulders of brave Americans who crossed the oceans, tamed the wilderness, secured our independence, won two World Wars, and put a man on the face of the moon.
[Audience boos] And our country is rated 87% wrong track. You know what that means. Wrong track. We're in the wrong track. The country knows it. And that's why we should have absolutely -- nobody has ever had a score like that in one reelection. Nobody. Nobody has ever. And she's a part of Biden. Remember, she's trying to disassociate from him so badly.
This is my -- I mean, I had a lot of friends call me up and they say, we're really disappointed in you man. Tell your wife. And this was a woman, OK, like 25 years ago. I put her in charge of construction of a building. She was fine, OK? Then she went to another company. She want to come back. She begged me to come back.
The Democrats would not give me anything, any money didn't matter, billions and billions for anything except the wall. Even though five years ago, they all wanted the wall. The only reason they didn't want the wall is because I wanted it, and I made a terrible mistake. I never admit it, they always say I never apologize for a mistake, but I did.
We can do it. We can do it well. We can win there again. I watched on television. I talk about it all the time. I see our generals being interviewed on television. I don't want generals interviewed on television. I want to be unpredictable. You know, we're predictable. We're predictable. I want to be unpredictable.
And when we say I hear there's some activity going on. Well, we will check and we will tap you. Next thing, no, we didn't notice any nuclear weapons being made. We are being led by the world's dumbest people. Now a lot of the people think that there's something -- you know, something secret's going on. I don't happen to believe that, OK? A lot of people think they can't be that stupid.
We're going to knock out ISIS. I mean, get to know places that I never dreamt of. The people are unbelievable. The people are great. I want to make Apple products here. I don't want to make them in China and Vietnam. I want to make them here. And we'll be able to do that. Once we get them to stop devaluing and doing all sorts of numbers, we're going to bring our jobs back.
And in the meantime, everything seems to be dying. You're cold and everything else. No, no we've got to keep it going the way it's going. Do we agree? Do we agree? Get Patrick in there. We got to keep it going because we have something going that nobody's ever seen before. You know every foreign leader that comes to see me in the White House, which I see a lot but every foreign lead -- and I see a lot because usually they're treating us unfairly with military, meaning, we're paying for their military and I'm saying.
I'll take the 54, right? But "You are the greatest president. Sir, I will never -- " She'd said it over and over again. "I will never -- " [Inaudible] " Will you ever run against -- " "No, I will not. He's been a great president. I will not do it." Two months later, "Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to announce my candidacy." It's Birdbrain.
And I'll tell them that the only way that they're going to get rid of that tariffs, and it's the only way, it's the only way, is if they build the plant, not in Mexico but in the United States. And our people operate the plant, OK? And this is going to happen a lot. This is going to happen a lot. You know, Harley Davidson, I was with them at the White House.
And also, we're going to indemnify all police officers and law enforcement officials. I met a lot of great ones back there all throughout the United States to protect them from being destroyed by the radical left lunatics that are running our cities and state for taking strong actions on crime because they can stop this crime, you know?
We're going to enjoy ourselves. There's a lot of bad news from our country, but there's also a lot of hope and that's what we need. We need hope. We need competence, because we certainly have not been getting it for two years. You know that. Less than two months from now, the people of Ohio are going to vote to fire the radical left Democrats.
I hear you have a great quarterback, we're going to see, but I'm actually going to the game. I said that's the game I want to go to. So that'll be -- that'll be tremendous. Two great teams, two great teams that I look forward -- so, I came to get you for early voting for Eddie Rispone. He's going to be a great Governor.
Thank you. That is why one of my first acts as president will be to establish a commission on radical Islam which will include reformist voices in the Muslim community who will hopefully work with us. We want to build bridges and erase divisions. The goal of the commission will be to identify and explain to the American public the core convictions and beliefs of radical Islam, to identify the warning signs of radicalization, and to expose the networks in our society that support radicalization.
Jobs! Jobs! I don't have to say it, it's jobs. Our economic agenda in this room is jobs. We're tired of seeing our jobs disappear, our companies leave. They go to Mexico, they go to other places. Not going to happen anymore, folks. China, Japan and Europe are printing huge sums of money, the devaluation of currencies is staggering as to what it represents for our country, our businesses, our citizens and our workers. We're not on a level playing field and our politicians don't understand what the hell is going on. They don't understand it. They've been talking for years and years and years about stopping jobs from moving out, right? And you have been big-league hurt right here, big-league. You know what I'm talking about.
As a father, as a builder, as an American, it offends my sense of right and wrong to see anyone living in such conditions. They are living in terrible, terrible conditions. Beyond belief conditions. Bad. Almost 40% of African-American children are living in poverty, abject poverty including 45% of children under the age of six.
She is in total denial, and her continuing reluctance to ever name the enemy broadcasts weakness across the world.
We gave them everything. I mean, we get nothing. Now when you think of it, we've made Iran a power but what else have we done for them? For years they've been fighting and fighting and fighting with Iraq. Iraq has the second-largest oil reserves in the world. We gave them Iraq. That's even better than the $150 billion.
Right? It's true. It's true. And they used these words and then she comes on and hugs him like everything's great. And yet with me, he's very lewd. It's a new word, you know, lewd. I mean, I've never seen anything like it in my life. She is such a phony. She is such a phony. Now, I will say this, Cissie.
Much of it's common sense. Conservative, liberal, it's common sense. Let me also call up two other incredible patriots who want to help save our incredible country. Former Democrat presidential candidate, Tulsi Gabbard. And by the way, she just became a Republican. And a great man, a brilliant person, and a true character, Tucker Carlson.
Great. Thank you very much. Great people. Really great people. And we have, we've rebuilt the entire military. We've rebuilt it over three and a half years. And that's why we can't worry too much about budgets. They can't say, "Gee, we kept within budget but who are those people running up the White House lawn?" We don't like that, right?
I looked -- I said, "What the hell do you have to lose?" But I really sort of said the same thing to everybody because our country wasn't doing well with Biden and Obama. It wasn't doing well. And they were pouring money in -- pouring, pouring money in. And it wasn't doing well. Even now, you know, you see the interest rates.
We will never dig coal again." And then four weeks later, she ended up in West Virginia. That did not work out well for her. That was not good. Remember she was trying to explain that she was just kidding. Just like, just like he's doing. Just like Sleepy Joe's doing. He was just kidding. But he's down, and if that doesn't win us -- We just had a poll come out.
This is the one that really hurts, right? Boom. And she goes, "I've never been -- " And she quits. She walked off. That was the end. She didn't even go to -- she just walked off. She said, "I've never been hit like that." Then the other fighter, the same thing. So, you had two transitioned people fighting.
These are animals, OK? We have to stop it. We can't have another lake. We have so many people being hurt so badly and being killed. They're sending their prisoners to see us. They're bringing them right to the border, and they're dropping them off, and we're allowing them to come in. These are tougher than anybody we've got in the country.
And they didn't realize that everyone of those people that said that, was out people. And then all of a sudden, I get a call like, an hour and a half later from a real pro, whose with me right backstage, Bill. And he goes, "Sir, uh, these are great numbers, sir, you're going to win Florida. Sir, you're going to win North Carolina, sir, you're going to win Pennsylvania." He's a political pro.
I don't know. I think he'd be tough to beat. I'll tell you one thing, he'll go into Washington and he's going to have you in mind. He's going to do a job, if he does do it. So we'll see what happens. He hasn't made up his mind yet. But he would be, he would be fantastic and I guess it's something you go back and you talk to your family, you talk to your wife and you make a decision.
So the weather was really bad, really bad, and they said, You know these are great people in North Carolina. They won't mind." [Applause]""o the weather was really bad
They're opening up a plant a week and they're opening up in China more than -- somebody told me two plants a week. But we're supposed to use the wind, which doesn't work, doesn't work from a practical standpoint. But I just want to welcome you because you had the greatest man -- when he said you're probably the only man, because I know Doug, he's got a big ego [Laughter] and you're the only man -- I've actually heard him say something.
It shouldn't happen -- shouldn't happen. Today's Democrat Party has no ideas about how to help black Americans. They only want to really use radical socialism and they want to open your borders, so anybody can come in, you're here. Anybody can come in. And they have some bad people wanting to come in, really bad people.
Well, thank you very much. I just said to Mike, this is fantastic. I didn't think we were going to see this coming for a while. Congratulations. This is a very, very important thing. Thank you very much, everybody. This is a very important thing we're going to be discussing. Please sit down. Thank you very much.
I have people that pay me 25 million for an apartment, more. Am I going to dislike them? The biggest bank in the world from China, they're a tenant of mine. They pay me rent every month. And by the way, their lease just came up, and they renewed. I said, "Oh, they'll never renew" because nobody hits China harder than I do. And they come in, "Oh, no. We want to renew." I said, "You do? That's nice." I mean, that's interesting.
And again I want to thank the brave Republican senators in the State of Arizona for what they're doing. Because they saw what was happening, and I have nothing to do. What's going to happen is they are going to issue a report at sometime in the not too distant future and it will be very interesting to see.
What a difference a presidential election can make. That's all it is. It's just a presidential election. Yesterday at the White House, we put forward a plan for peace in Gaza. We announced it and we're going to create something that was my idea. But unfortunately, I got drafted. It's going to be called the Board of Peace and it's going to reign over that territory.
So we have to do something that works. And one of the big measures that we will do, and everybody in this room I think has to agree -- and there's nobody that loves the Second Amendment more than I do. And there's nobody that respects the NRA -- they're friends of mine. They backed us all. They're great people. They're patriots. [Applause] But they're great people. But we really do have to strengthen up, really strengthen up background checks. We have to do that. [Applause]
They said, "Have you lifted before?" "No, I really haven't." She was a world champion, right? "I haven't lifted too much, a little bit. I did it recreationally." "Oh, good." So he gets over the same weights, bing, bom, bom, bing, bing, bing. He broke the record like by 180 pounds. And then they say, "We will have men in women's sports." These people are crazy.
We have no choice. I will immediately restore and expand the Trump travel ban on entry from terror-plagues countries, and I will implement strong ideological screening on all immigrants coming in. If they want to blow up our country, if they want to kill our people, we're not letting them into our country.
You know, I got the travel ban, remember? Everyone said you couldn't do that. I want a travel ban from people that want to blow up our country. Do you think that's OK? [Audience responds "Yeah"] People said, oh, we don't like that, took a little heat, and we got it. They said, I didn't get it and they were right.
So, it'll be something really spectacular. It's going to be -- I think it's going to be amazing and I will tell you. So, we've run twice. I've never seen the spirit that we have this time and a lot of that spirit, because you're longing for the good old days. We had the greatest economy ever and all those things but -- how about gasoline at $1.87? How about that?
But Russia is still very powerful, more powerful in a certain way because of the mass weaponry that you have today, more powerful in certain way than ever before. But think of -- and by the way, Russia is building nukes and they're building missiles and they're doing forts all over the place. They're doing military bases and all we're doing is contracting.
I said, I'm going to study that over the weekend. It's a good time to study it -- Labor Day. Let's see how they do next week. But a lot of people were against it. I'm going to take a good hard look over the weekend.
But they're actually in worse shape because at least with Mueller, you can say he probably didn't know what the hell he was doing, sort of like Joe Biden. I figure about -- about the same. Does that make sense? Is anybody under -- how would you like to -- you're getting a divorce or something and you say I got to be represented by Bob Mueller.
We're going to win Pennsylvania, by the way. We won all of these. You know, in the primaries, they said, well, we'll stop him right after New York. So we had Pennsylvania landslide. We had Maryland landslide. We had Connecticut landslide. We had Rhode Island and Delaware, a landslide. Then they came to Indiana that was gonna be the firewall, remember, Indiana.
Somebody that an Evangelical. You take anybody, they have more power because these people are powerless. They've actually taken their right of free speech away. So I said we're going to try and get rid of that and I think we'll be very, very successful. You know, it's interesting. I said how many Christians are there?
There are many places like that. If you listen to these politicians, I heard one of them say, "We're going to try and balance the budget over the next 25 years." I said, "Twenty-five years? What are you talking about? These are politicians. They're all-talk, no action. But they're not stupid people. They live for their donors.
He was great. And there's no chance we're going to let them claw their way back into power with the establishment pawns like Ron DeSanctimonious and Nikki Haley or, even worse, Joe Biden. Joe Biden is the worst, the worst. He's the worst president. He's the most corrupt president, and he's the most incompetent president.
We were the greatest border, the safest border in the history of our country. We're going to have to do it again. You know that, right? We're going to have to do it again. It was just revealed that this September set yet another all-time record high in illegal border crossings, with a quarter of a million illegal alien migrants trespassing.
Reagan couldn't get it done. He worked so hard, he couldn't. Nobody could get it done. I got it done. Then, this guy -- the biggest in the world, as big, they say, maybe as Saudi Arabia. And we could have taken care of all of Asia. We would've made so much money. This guy comes in, he doesn't know what the hell's going on, "Where am I?" Can't even find the stairs off a platform.
And thank you very much to all those for your work, your drive, your commitment, your patriotism, your love for this nation. Our future has never been brighter. And, my fellow Americans, the best is yet to come. God bless you. Thank you, North Carolina. Thank you very much. God bless you all. Thank you.
Kevin, thank you. Thank you. And I see your friend, Steve. You don't leave without Kevin, right? Two great people and thank you very much, and also, to the many members. I'd introduce you, but you have so many, would be all day. Many members of House and Senate, former members of my cabinet and administration and state local leaders and countless other distinguished guests, thank you, all, for being here, a real pleasure to be with you.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Great tour. It was not long ago that Sempra planned to build a natural gas import terminal on this very spot. That was in the past, when our leaders pursued policies that were anti-American energy and anti-American worker and anti-America wealth. It all ended.
They say 48 years, which isn't bad, but probably in our history. And to bring down the price of energy, I declared a national energy emergency. It's going to be an emergency and you know what, what we say and what Doug is going to do, Doug, you are so important. You and Chris. Chris is known, and I got this from Doug, as the best energy guy in the entire country.
And you know I've always I was the fair-haired, boy, nobody knows more about it than me. They say, what do you know about politics? I've contributed to everybody, Democrats, Republicans, everybody love -- Marsha's here, she loves me, they all love me, everybody because that was my job to be loved. I'm actually one of the -- one of the magazine's said Donald Trump's a world-class businessman, which is a very nice thing. It's true.
TDS. Sometimes referred to as TDS. It's quite serious. It's inflicted havoc on some lives. But many Democrats suffer from that disease, and it's only because of one reason: because we're winning. Because we're winning. [Applause] This week, Kamala has been comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history.
We're going to take on the special interests, the corrupt media -- and it is corrupt -- and the career politicians that have stolen your jobs, your wealth and stolen our middle class. They've stolen our middle class. We're going to make Pennsylvania rich again by bringing back our jobs. We'll bring back our jobs. [Applause]
They refuse to say the words, we're presiding over something that the world has not seen, the level of evil is unbelievable. When we went to high school and we went to college, we'd study [Inaudible] chopped off heads. Well, we're in [Inaudible] times [Inaudible]. They chop off heads, they drown people in steel cages, they bury them in the sand. This never -- we've never seen anything like that.
It's horrible. The Biden administration has completely abandoned the people of Cuba, Nicaragua, Venezuela, and that's why we did so well in this area. I mean, Venezuela, Doral, which I own, is they call it Little Venezuela. It's the greatest community, the safest community. What a location. They eased sanctions.
We are not going to let this happen. Communism is the past. Freedom is the future, and it is time to send Comrade Kamala Harris back home to California where crime is rampant and fleeing is the Number 1 occupation. I'm here today to lay out my plan to rescue our country from this nightmare and to bring back to its citizens the American Dream, bigger, better, and stronger than ever before.
Stand up. She feels so strongly about this and an incredible team of experts. Likewise, our education reforms will help parents send their kids to a school of their choice. Will be so good for Detroit. We will also give our police and law enforcement the funds and support they need to restore law and order to this country.
Thank you, honey. This is so nice, you know, this is like the last speech before the big event. I'm going to go home. I'm going to let Ivanka really work up here tonight. She's staying right here because in this room, at 7 o'clock, she's going to convince everybody to caucus properly meaning Trump, right?
We're going to make the country stronger. We pay for things through growth. The way we're growing right now will be able to pay for things that nobody thought possible. Remember during debates they'd say, How are you going to do it? I said, We're going to do it through growth. They didn't know what growth was because frankly ... [Laughter] ...you know, Hillary talked about growth and should make a deal like she made with -- with South Korea.
But November 5th, 2024 will be liberation day in America. [Applause] And when I get rid of this microphone at the end of the speech, it's going to be liberation day for Donald J. Trump because I'm blowing out my voice to get this sucker done. I'm blowing out my voice. But I'm going to get through this speech because you're from Detroit.
And the same thing with Hispanic American unemployment, which is also at the lowest level in history -- unemployment, lowest level in history. And women's unemployment -- women, many women -- is at the lowest level in almost 20 years. Think of that.
Thank you very much. Congratulations, too.
But they loved me before. You know, the farmers, when they'd go to -- CNN would go up, "Is it terrible what President Trump is doing to you with trade war?" He says, "No. It's hurting me badly, but the trade war is necessary. And it should have been done years ago." Every one -- I've never heard anybody say different.
You have to have free speech and fair open newspapers and all forms of medium. What's happening is so bad. It's never been like this. It started a long time ago. It's gotten to a point that's unacceptable. It's going to destroy -- our corrupted media is going to destroy our country if we don't do something about it. We will protect innocent life.
Joe opposed the wall and he opposed the travel ban. And by the way, the wall right now, that wall is coming along. We're over $3 billion. It's moving along very nicely, very nicely. And if you think it's easy with these people, it's not easy.
We want to have open borders. And nobody could believe it. When I heard that during the campaign, I figured maybe it's just words, but who could be so stupid? Who could be so horrible to our country, what they're doing to our country? They actually meant it because they took all of the wall that I had ready to just be installed, could have been done in three weeks, and they took that wall and they sold it for 5 cents on the dollar.
-- is his best friend. James Comey is his best friend. And those are a few of the conflicts. Other than that, it's wonderful. [Laughter] So -- so everybody is waiting. I thought of it this morning, Mark. And I heard you made an incredible speech and statement today. Mark Levin. I heard it was incredible.
We'll be doing that over the next two weeks. I think it's a very good lawsuit, but we'll see. Think of it. They got the Pulitzer Prize for wrong reporting. But other people should have gotten the Pulitzer Prize because frankly, they got it right for years. And they don't do Pulitzer Prizes for guys like Sean Hannity, but they should, by a different name, and Tucker Carlson, and Jeanine Pirro, and Laura, and so many different people, but they don't get anything.
I don't think so. And he has that little chair that weighs about, like, seven ounces. It's meant so children can lift it and very old people can lift it. And you know what? He's not old. He's incompetent. He's not old. He's not old. I know people that are 88, 89, 92, men named Bernie Marcus, founder of Home Depot.
They were going to build that one in day. They were going to build that one in the water and they had all sorts of the water and they had all sorts of the water. And they had all sorts of environmental approvals, he even then environmental approvals, he even then environmental approvals. He even then they had environmental improve us and they had environmental improve us and they had environmental improve us and they had the pier had bulkhead problems.
Well, Chris is a friend of mine and he's a good guy but he's got to get his problem cleared up. There's no question about it. I mean, you have to get that cleared up and it has to come out very, very good and obviously it was foolish. And I've spoken to him about it and it was a crazy set of events that took place.
But we thought we had a deal numerous times. I'd get home, I'd say, First Lady, I had the most wonderful talk with Vladimir, I think we're finished. And then I'll turn on the television or she'll say to me one time, well, that's strange because they just bombed a nursing home. I said, what? So we don't like that.
You're going to say, "Oh, I can't stand it." This guy, this president, he wins too much. We're not used to it. We can't take it and your representatives and our great head of the Republican Party who is a great guy, by the way and I thank you for introducing me. I'm going to get calls in the White House.
They're going to win by -- vote for them, too, please. Vote for them, too. That's right, Steve. They're going to vote for you guys. Thank you. And thank you. Vote for Republicans. You're doing the right thing, because a vote for us is a vote for lower taxes, less regulation, and more products that are made right here in the USA.
It's tremendously expensive. And then you have to rebuild them every 10 years. You know, they don't just keep growing. You got to keep -- they get ripped to pieces. And then they kill all the whales, right? They kill all the whales out there. And then they say that for boat manufacturers, the boat can't go more than two miles an hour because we don't want to hurt the whales, even though there's only been one recorded incident of that in 50 years.
And he's a good person, he wants to do what's well. Now he understands not so good. And he bought an electric car and he made the trip often from Kentucky to Washington and he made it and he'd drive down and put the car away and drive back. He was getting like 38 miles a gallon and he's fine. And then he goes to hybrids and all the other things they can do. But he wanted to go all electric because he wants to save our country, wants to save the atmosphere.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you and it's great to be in Charlotte. [Applause]
A lot, right? Twenty four million, a lot. There are 1.8 million dead people that are registered right now to vote. And folks, folks, some of them vote. I wonder why? I wonder how that happened. They woke up from the dead and they went and voted. There are 2.8 million people that are registered in more than one state.
Like it's a really bad system. So the kids borrow more money, more and more money, the costs of colleges is gone up more than practically anything, far more than inflation, far more than any of your businesses because these guys figure what the heck. I mean, we're getting all this money essentially from the government and it's going to stop.
Democrats produce mobs. Republicans produce jobs. Right? [Audience Chants Trump] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. It's a great state. These are great people. And did we ever help you -- hey, did, honestly, you know we were here a lot. Did we help you with that lousy hurricane that you suffered through?
Rob. He was here with a few of his friends when it wasn't quite as fashionable, right, Rob? But you were here. Thank you very much. Great job you're doing, too. Karen Robson. Where is Karen? Karen is here. And she's -- are you here? Running for governor -- she's going to be running for governor. Where's Karen?
Proud to be the home of the first in the nation, caucuses, and we kept it that way, Kim didn't we? We kept it that way. As president, I fought hard and one to protect Iowa's first in the nation status and the Republican Party. A lot of people called me about it, including your governor. I said, we're doing it. That's where it's going to be. It's where it's going to be for a long time.
There's never been anything like it. And you're talking about millions and millions of people coming in unvetted, coming in from jails from 141 different countries. What they're doing to our country is ruining it. They're poisoning our country. We ended catch and release. We deported record numbers of illegal aliens and gang members.
that's not going to happen anymore folks okay not gonna happen now so they say
I'm not going to get you. But what we have now is you don't have to pay any estate taxes. You know what that is? That's a big deal. Because a lot of times -- and it happened with the farmers, where in some cases, they're land rich, but not income rich, but the farm has been in the family for 150 years, and they love it, and they do well, and that's what they do, and they love it. They wouldn't want to do anything else.
He was very -- she was very fair, and Jake Tapper was very fair. You know, I was -- I respect -- I don't call him Jake Tapper anymore. I may have to start eventually. But, no, but they were -- I thought they were very fair, I just said neutral. Could you be neutral? Would that be OK? And they were, they were pretty neutral.
I'm supposed to be always isn't life wonderful, OK? Look, we've got to be tough. We've got to be smart. We've got to have heart too. We've got to have heart. We've got to take care of people. We've got to fix our health care program. This Obamacare is a disaster. You people know, you people know, Obamacare is a total catastrophe.
Remember, it's called Make America Great Again. Who's against that? Remember, Joe -- remember, Joe, before he gave up and quit? He quit like a little loser. He quit. He quit. He quit. "I would give her -- I will hand over my presidency. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. I will hand over my presidency." No, he quit.
Tell me, please tell me why. And if you just take a look at those four years, how did we do on that front? We did great. We accomplished all of this and more in just that short period of time. And just imagine what we can accomplish in the next four years. We can make our country greater than ever before.
So we're on track now to spend -- listen to this -- $6 trillion -- $6 trillion. Could have rebuilt our country twice. All together on wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the Middle East. Meanwhile, massive portions of our country are in a state of total disrepair. It's time to rebuild America. [Applause]
It would have never, ever happened if I was there. I used to talk to Putin about it. I've said it very openly. I talked to him about it. It was the apple of his eye. I said, don't do it, Vladimir. Oh, you'll be making such a mistake. And I told him a couple of things. He said, "You wouldn't do that." I said, yes, I will. "No, you wouldn't." And he probably didn't believe me, but he believed me 10%. That's all you needed.
And I know they'll say, "Well we have nothing to do. We're -- we're state government we're -- "
And by the way, I saved a fortune. Because it was in Atlantic City, I left Atlantic City like eight, nine years ago. Atlantic City has totally collapsed. I made a great deal. The smart people give me an A for vision. I left. I mean, think of it, I would've built this tower at Atlantic -- I mean, so the woman did me a big favor by, you know, not wanting to sell, but I never ripped down her house, and she was perfectly fine.
It's just so demeaning to women, the whole thing. I mean, women, great athletes. It's just so unfair. They're going to have records. Look, eventually that's got to happen. It's going to happen with me. But you're going to have these records where the record will be here, but you'll have this blip for a period of three or four years, like that.
You know exactly what I was doing.
They don't go far. They cost too much. They're all made in China. Other than that, I think they're actually quite wonderful. But he's getting decimated by his union. He actually supported -- he supported sleepy Joe. He supported him, sleepy Joe. See, just for this, because I'm going back to crooked, I think it's more accurate.
You know, you'd fight. I'd win, they'd win. Who knows who wins? But people would hear. Now they don't wanna talk about it. Unless they can say something bad about you, they don't wanna talk about it. So if we talk about certain subjects that you've been watching over the last six months, all of a sudden they were getting clobbered, so they went tone, stone cold silent.
You couldn't have -- you couldn't have sustained it. I'm telling you, the timing was perfect. Don't ever wait that long. You were ready. You were ready to go over the cliff. That wasn't good. But you're back in business. Your miners are back. And last year, our coal export skyrocketed by 65 percent. Pretty amazing.
Some of the worst murders you've ever seen. They're all in our country now, every one of them. And I've been saying this for three years, and the fake news has been saying, "Well, you don't know that." Well, now, we know it. They've never released a list like this. Not just on this. They've never done it.
Instead, DeSanctimonious and his establishment handlers are wasting such precious time and resources to divide the party that dividing the party. Although he's dropping so quickly, he's probably not going to be in second place much longer. I wonder who is going to be. Maybe it's Vivek. Vivek. Could be. Could be. He's doing well, right when we should be uniting against the unprecedented weaponization of law enforcement by Crooked Joe Biden and the Communist left.
OK? That's totally secondary. But we will soon have the strongest military that we've ever had. We had fighter jets -- we had fighter jets and we had airplanes in our military where the father flew 'em, the grandfather flew 'em, and the son as a young pilot goes in, flying the same planes. You know what?
It's just a guy gives you $5 million and he's representing a company or he's representing China or he's a -- you know, you've sort of feel obligated. I still really don't think it. But I'm a very loyal person. So I just do the easy way, don't take it. And it's very hard for me to say no because all my life I take, I take money.
As we deny terrorist organizations control of territory and populations, we must also strip them of their access to funds. We must cut off the financial channels that let ISIS sell oil, let extremists pay their fighters, and help terrorists smuggle their reinforcements.
Oh, thank you. Well, we won Pennsylvania last time and we're going to win it by a lot more this time, I think so. Because you know four years ago we had a lot of enthusiasm, but we have more now, even the fake news will admit that, they will. There's more than we've ever had. Hello, Pennsylvania, thank you very much for being here in the rain.
And all he's doing, instead of working on your jobs and your companies leaving for Mexico and other places, he's campaigning for crooked Hillary. That's all he does. [Booing]
But even Pocahontas says that it has to be fixed. She believes it has to be fixed. We're going to make it much less expensive for people with much better health care, and we're going to get that done. We almost got it done, but John McCain voted against it. That was a bad day. Remember that? Thumbs down after campaigning for 10 years, thumbs down everybody.
And I can no longer call her Pocahontas, because she has no Indian blood! I can't call her... I can't call her Pocahontas. She doesn't qualify. She has -- I've been saying for a long time. I've been saying it for a year-and-a-half, I said I have more Indian blood than she has, and I have none. I have none.
Congressman, get up there, will you? Do we know our Congressman? Look at this guy. I tell you, they say he was a hell of a football player. They say he was -- I don't know if he'd be so good today. Would you be good today? I don't know. But he has been such an incredible supporter, and so great, and he's standing next to my daughter Tiffany who came today. [Applause]
Wait, wait.
And I was, I have to tell you, you know, I was on the other side of this equation, folks. I didn't need to do this. I did not need to do this. But I love this country, I love the people of this country, and we did it. And you know what? It's a movement like they've never seen before. [Applause]
As your president, I will restore peace through strength. And yes, I will prevent World War III. We are very close to World War III, and we will prevent it. I know all the players. I know the players. I know the good ones, the bad ones, the weak ones. You know, there's a very powerful player, Viktor Orban.
My infrastructure plans will rebuild your roads, your bridges, your tunnels, your railways, your airports -- and they are a mess.
You know we were the toughest, we were the most respected. And you -- you saw this hungry, strong country run by a very powerful tough leader. He's a tough guy. Press doesn't like him because he's tough. And he came out recently. They were asking him at an interview, "The whole world is exploding, what's happening, what's going on?" Viktor Orban, prime minister of Hungary, very tough man.
I don't think he'll deny it, but he said, "According to the rules and regulations, the most people you're allowed to have in that room," meaning that arena, he viewed it as a room, "Is 10 people." I say, "So Governor, so I'm at 19,000, you're at 10. Can we work something in the middle." It didn't sound too good, so we really had no choice.
But we can't allow what's happened over so many years to continue happening. They've been taking $500 billion, with a B, out of our country and rebuilding China. And I said, "We can't do that anymore. I'm sorry. I'm sorry." For years, China has been draining us, taking our factories and building up their country with our money, and at the expense of our workers and our companies.
I said, just sit back and watch.
700,000 machine guns, rifles, and guns. How about that, J.D.? 700,000, what the hell -- you know they're one of the largest arms dealers now in the world? They sell everything that they took from us. They shouldn't have had $0.10 worth of equipment. They have our airplanes, our helicopters, our tanks, and 70,000, think of that.
And chair of the York County Commissioners, Julie Wheeler. Thank you, Julie, very much. Thank you. And a very special congratulations to all of the people of York County today who are celebrating the 275th anniversary of York County's founding. That's pretty good. That beats most of them out there. But most of all, let me thank the exceptionally skilled and talented workers with us in this room.
And we're building the wall. We've got $1.6 billion. We have another $1.6 billion. We have a third $1.6 billion coming. But we want to the build it quickly at one time. We don't want to do it piecemeal, but it's started. It's doing well. We want the money now from the Democrats. We need their votes. Or, an easier way, elect more Republicans.
Well, she was, but doesn't matter if you call her border czar. She was in charge of the border. So, call her whatever you want. She doesn't know anything. She can't answer the simplest question. She goes on these shows and they're softball after softball and ends up in a scandal every time she opens her mouth.
You get a big piece of land, safe, get a big piece of land, let Germany let all these other countries including the Gulf States, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, unbelievable wealth, by the way, they're not taking anybody, anybody they're not taking anybody. The Gulf states, I have so many friends in the Gulf states, they buy my apartments like crazy, I love them, okay, but there's one, they're not taking anybody. Now we're taking 200 thousand, but the Gulf states, next door, are taking nobody and they're not putting up much Money if any, if any, but what I would say is that you get the Gulf states, Saudi Arabia makes a billion dollars a day. You get the Gulf states, you get Germany because Germany, I mean they she... They're having riots over there.
There was grass growing out of the cracks on the runway. NASA, I went down, I said, "This is sad." We totally opened it up. Now, everyone's bidding millions of dollars to go up to space. We created Space Force, and we took care of our vets like nobody has ever taken care of our vets, getting a 92% approval rating, the highest in history by many, many points.
Every time a foreign leader, a President, a prime Minister, a king, a queen, a dictator, we got some of them too, every time they come into the office they say, "Congratulations on what you've done for this economy. It's the hottest on Earth, it's incredible.", every single time. That's how they started off the conversation, and you know it because the people of Florida are truly benefiting by what we've done internationally and nationally, so thank you.
The large corporations who support terrible trade deals, offshore jobs, they take these jobs, they offshore the jobs, they're donating to Hillary Clinton. It's called, follow the money. The Wall Street investors who have rigged the regulations against the middle class, they're donating to Hillary Clinton, follow the money. The wealthy donors want to shutdown American energy, they're donating to Hillary Clinton, follow the money. The special interests who want to open borders are donating to Hillary Clinton, again just follow the money.
So we're going to help out those folks that I met, and others in Florida and in Georgia, and in a little section of Alabama that got hit very hard, and in South Carolina and in North Carolina. We're going to help those people out. We're going to really do everything we can to help them out.
It's high taxes, it's high regulations, all these companies they can't even breathe with the regulations, unnecessary. It's ISIS all over the place. You know, she says she'll stop ISIS. Let me tell you, there was no ISIS. There was no ISIS. During her term, she created with Obama a vacuum in Iraq, ISIS formed, and then Obama called them the JV, junior varsity, right?
After Secretary Clinton's failed intervention in Libya, Islamic terrorists in Benghazi took down our consulate and killed our ambassador and three brave Americans. Then, instead of taking charge that night, Hillary Clinton decided to go home and sleep! Incredible.
You got a lot of fake news out there, by the way. That's a lot of fakers. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people. But they must be here for you. I think they're here for you because you're doing such a good job. But we do have a lot. But, you know, what we're doing is so important because we're going to save our country.
You know, it's a curtain, you get a free curtain. We're outside, which actually makes people happy and it even makes the people that sometimes not everybody here likes happy because outside is better. You know, it's better, and we're rounding the turn on COVID, by the way, our vaccines are coming. A lot of things are coming.
Can't say $2 bill because they actually make $2 bills. Yeah, that's a crooked bunch of people back there. They're corrupt. The press in this country is corrupt. They're corrupt, and they know it, too. All you had to do is look at what The New York Times just announced recently. That's all you have to do. In fact, I stand as the only president of the 21st century on whose watch Russia and Putin did not invade another country.
And I said, "We're not going to pay them anymore." So, after I said that and I stopped payment, you know, like a term that we use in the world of business, let's stop payment. So, we stopped payment. They were delinquent. We stopped payment. And they very quickly came to the table, and we made a deal, very quick deal.
Our plan switches to a territorial tax system that encourages companies to return their profits to America -- right here to the United States, where that money belongs, going back to work for you -- territorial. [Applause]
But very sadly, since their loss in 2016 -- and you see this. It's like the craziest thing I've ever seen. If you remember during those debates, she'd say, he will not adhere to the results of the election. She's like lecturing me all the time. I sort of said I would, maybe I could have been stronger on it. I wouldn't have been happy with her, but I would have that's the game.
We had big opposition from a few of the Democrats states and governors, you know, but we rolled over the opposition and you have Big Ten football. Congratulations. Congratulations. When the far-left riders rampage across Minneapolis and they rampage across your state -- How about your police department?
And much of it's made -- and a lot of it's made -- most of it's made in China. There's something going on why somebody would want to do these things where the product is made in China. That goes for electric cars, too, by the way. But the windmills are all made in China and some in Germany, but most of them are made in China.
But the whistle blower comes out with a totally phony report on my phone call, but they never thought I'd release it. So they were gonna be okay. Eight times, quid pro quo except it was no time. And if you listen to what they said, it sounded horrible. That's why I had to release it. I called up Ukraine and said, "Do you mind?" I had one of my people, make a call.
If we could -- you know, which is bad for me because this was largely like a Trump-type area, people that have our values, our policies, etc., etc. This was really -- and I would have been happy with 40 or 50 percent. Nobody had any idea. Then it starts, as you know, the early voting. And up till today, it's just about over with the early voting.
Well, thank you very much. That was great. And we just had a nice Thanksgiving dinner. I thought I was going to be having it someplace else, and Senator Barrasso is a great friend of mine, and he said, "That'll be great if we did it." I said, "You come with me, John." And he came with me. John, thank you very much.
Among children under the age of five, nearly 30 percent of afflicted -- and are afflicted by stunted growth due to malnutrition. And yet, in 2012 and 2013, the regime spent an estimated $200 million -- or almost half the money that it allocated to improve living standards for its people -- to instead build even more monuments, towers, and statues to glorify its dictators.
So I know the system, I know it well, and I was watching Jeb Bush and Jeb Bush announced -- he's a nice person and he announced and he is the mentor, as you know, of Marco Rubio who's another nice person. And everybody said Marco will never run because you couldn't do that it would be total disloyalty and he would never run because Jeb Bush announced already that he was running, and they end up where Jeb runs and then a few weeks later Marco announces he's running.
Don't just build a strong portfolio. Build a very, very strong America, and you're going to do that. To the engineers, brilliant you are. Technicians, scientists and math majors, we need your Alabama spirit and competition to keep our country at the forefront of every single domain. America should have the world's tallest buildings, design the fastest airplanes, build the greatest cars, do everything the absolute best, better than any other nation in the world, and you can do it. And we will soon land American astronauts on Mars.
He didn't win the election, he's appointed. And he says, "I'm gonna" -- and he didn't win the election. He's appointed. And he says, "I'm going to put a gag order on the Republican parties presidential candidate," thinking that, "I'm going to put a gag order" -- [Audience boos]
But you know, we have tremendous support, including a couple of your very distinguished folks from New Hampshire who were against me, who are now for me. And you are allowed to announce their names, but we have tremendous support in New Hampshire. One of them was very tough and very smart. Go ahead.
We want these great negotiating for us. We want these great negotiating for us. We want these great negotiators, these great people negotiate negotiators, these great people negotiate negotiators these great people negotiate. We're losing 400 and been so ridiculous. We're losing 400 and been so ridiculous.
And when you hear the numbers -- I used to go into arenas, and I'd read the horrible statistics on crime and education, and how badly people are being treated in Hispanic communities, in African-American communities. And you remember, I'd go and I'd say, "You've been voting for Democrats for 100 years. You have these horrible"-- look at my friends, right there. Great guys. My friends. Thank you.
I'll be their champion. Believe me, I will be their champion. And I'll bring back the American dream. I don't know how long this strike is going to go on. But if it's on with me, I'll get it back pretty quickly, I think, for the longshoremen and all of the other people that have been hurt so badly by inflation, they've been really hurt badly by inflation no matter what they make.
That sounds good. Wow, that sounds so great. Thank you, darling. Go ahead. Go ahead. Right here. Unidentified
They don't even change, because they know once they get it in, it'll never be looked at. It'll never be looked at again because of people like your Secretary of State and your governor. So, we want signature verification. But the answer -- And we're going to be very careful. We're going to watch every ballot, David and Kelly.
It sounds so beautiful. It sounds so beautiful, and it was so bad. Which would have cost businesses $1.2 billion and was a backdoor attempt to destroy the American coal industry -- which is now starting to thrive again, which we're very happy about. We revoked the ridiculous Waters of the United States rule.
They said one year ago your country was dead, terrible term but that's what it is. Your country was dead. We thought it was finished and now you've got the hottest country anywhere in the world. It's true. It's the hottest country. Did you see they found $25 billion of essentially profits last night?They said where did it come from, came from management, but it came from tariffs and it came from, you know, good business skill.
We like Trump." But the governor of Texas called me right after the election. He said, "You've done something that's unprecedented. You won every single town along the border, mostly Hispanic." He said, "That hasn't happened since" -- he called it reconstruction. I said, "Is that Civil War? Would you say that's Civil War?" That's Civil War, term we haven't heard in a long time, reconstruction, but hadn't happened since reconstruction, Civil War.
It's a big deal. Filed with the federal government. But the reason I talk about it is not braggadocio, it's simple. We need that thinking in this country. I don't care about me. We need that thinking in the country. We need somebody that's not gonna allow an Iran deal to be made. We need somebody that's a negotiator.
Well, now they're building massive factories, more than two, and they're going to kill Detroit. And the head of the union, the United Auto Workers in Detroit, has done a terrible, terrible job, just a terrible job. But we're going to bring tremendous growth back. And remember, we're also taking in a certain percentage.
If you don't win, people aren't going to follow you. Now, there are other qualities. And I believe strongly in compassion. A lot of people don't know that about me but I have great feelings of compassion for people and helping people and, you know, making people thrive and love their life and take care of people.
But Christians, you know, you'll go to church every Sunday. And Pastor Paula White and all of the people, I understand, they're doing lockboxes in churches where people don't even have to go to vote. They can now vote in church. And if you do that, we're going to win by numbers that nobody's ever seen before.
I knew exactly why. Because the pharmaceutical industry takes care of all the senators and all the congressmen, have a very strong lobby and they don't want to bid our drugs. If you bid them up we'll save $300 billion -- $300 billion and we don't even do it. We're going to do it because what happens if I'm there, they'll be calling, "Donald you can't do that.
It's been erased. The county has also refused to provide the -- the authority for the information. We want the information needed to access vote tabulation devices. To top it all off, they've refused to hand over the all-important chain of custody documentation for Maricopa County ballots. They don't want to give it. Why don't they want to give it? Why?
That was probably the first thing you saw, 12,000 jobs were created. That's like for Walmart, that's not for a country, big country. Thirty thousand private sector jobs were lost. They were killed in a single month, 30,000 jobs. These were the numbers that just came out. Nearly 100,000 manufacturing jobs were wiped out from the beginning of the year.
It's so powerful, so horrible. It's so horrible. The levels of power, you've never seen anything like it. It shouldn't even be discussed. It wasn't talked about very much during my term. I didn't want to have anyone talking about it. But the level of power of modern-day weaponry is horrible. It's the most dangerous period in the history of our country.
You know that; we've got the vaccine. I say regardless, they'll say, "Well, maybe you don't." We have it. Great companies. And quickly ends the pandemic. Should have never come here from China. They should have never let it out. We'll never forget. All over the world, all over the world. You see what's happening in Europe.
And somebody who we need to keep in the Senate, a woman who works very hard -- I just got back from something you like: the border wall -- Martha McSally. [Applause] Martha, please. Please. Thank you, Martha. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Martha. We got to get her in. And Mark Kelly, who she's running against, is very weak on China and lots of others things.  [Audience Boos]
Remember The Apprentice? "You couldn't be worse, and we're not going to let you do it again. Kamala, you're fired. Get out of here. Get out of here." [Applause] It is true, though. I mean, she got no votes, and now, she's running. So, she should explain that one. It's not the Democratic way. It's not a democrat -- you know, I never called -- they call it the Democratic Party because it sounds so nice.
They said I'm totally in favor, not the smartest. She said I'm totally in favor of the Green New Deal. Well, you know, that would mean there's no more airplanes. Oh, so they started screaming at her in Hawaii. They said how the hell are we going to get to Hawaii? They said we're going to build a railroad.
I don't care if you bring back Abraham Lincoln and George Washington as his running mate. You lose New York, Illinois, and California, okay? So now you're, you got three of the biggest and the biggest, but you have three monster states, that's an automatic loss. So you're starting off, so then you have to run.
We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities, which you're already doing in Florida. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, your Second Amendment. [Audience chants "USA"] We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of these ridiculous, horrible, and very, very stupid foreign wars against countries that you've never even heard of.
A very noncontroversial radio star, he's great. Every time I say something on that show, I get myself in trouble, but he is with us. He's a fantastic guy, Wayne Allyn Root. He's been my friend for a long time. Kevin Hall. Where's Kevin? Hi, Kevin. Kevin Hall. Pastor Darrell Scott, Alveda King, Ambassador Jeffrey Gunter, and two very good friends of mine, special, special people, Mr. and Mrs.
I said you got to pay. And so, you see some of these I just thought you'd put them up. Remembering the old days? I used to always announce polls. Only if they were good. I wouldn't announce them if they weren't good. If I had a bad one, I would. But when they were good, I'd used to -- I used to drive the opposition crazy.
But we have to take back the Internet. It's ours. But they've taken over the Internet. They're using the Internet better than we do. They're using the Internet and they're recruiting people. And then the people go out to fight for ISIS. And then we let them back into the country. We let them back in. Where have you been?
One of the worst things. You had to see New England. I left New England. I won New Hampshire really big and won a lot of states. I'm going to, boy, I love those states and I win. The ones that I don't win I don't love as much I have to be honest with you, so we've got to get going. But you have to see the damage that's been done where these companies have just left mostly for Mexico.
They're amazing. They want one thing, they want to make their country great again. They want to make the country great again. They're amazing, dedicated wonderful Americans and they want to see good things happen. That's what a Tea Party person is. I mean, it's so simple. They ask me, how do you define the Tea Party?
They could have that for the right price too, I tell you. They would have it for the right price, Boeing. I love Boeing. But Boeing is here, Airbus is un Eur -- you know, it's Europe. So they ordered 118 airplanes and they ordered them from Airbus. Why Airbus? They're buying all over Europe. They're buying in Russia.
We ended the disaster known as NAFTA. They all said it couldn't be done. The worst trade deal ever made. And we replaced it with the USMCA, it's Mexico and Canada. In fact, they want to renegotiate the deal right now. Don't do it. That's the best trade deal we've made in this country in many, many decades, it was a massive win for Arizona workers.
It'd be nice if we could have peace, but we're not going to have peace. And this is something we're going to have to live with for a long time. She has allowed millions of people, open border, to flow into our country totally unchecked, totally unvetted. And they come from jails and prisons, slightly different.
They're too cunning for our leaders. Their leaders are doing an unbelievable job. I wish our leaders could do the same job to other countries. But again, we don't win. We never have victory. So we're going to change that. You look at China. Take a look at what's going on and I talk about -- because that's really -- they have got us figured so beautifully.
When we win the election, a little more than a year from now, I will appoint a real special prosecutor to expose the monumental corruption of the Biden crime family once and for all. And unlike the witch hunt that I've been going through ever since we came down that beautiful escalator in Trump Tower, they will be properly prosecuted.
That's what it is. The other day, when I came -- when I came here, there must have been 100 people in front by the river taking pictures with the sign lit up in the background. And people love it. And people that actually fought me on the sign -- they fought me on it -- they've now called me. Almost every one of them, they say, "You know what?
I don't think they'll ever pay it by the way because I think they'll behave. But we're going to charge you about a 32% tax coming in. And that's peanuts. We're being very nice at 32% because what they've done is far greater than 32%. But all of a sudden, all of a sudden, I have a friend from China who bought an airplane.
We're going to run it properly. We're going to change it. We're going to run it properly. It's an embarrassment to us. Can you imagine foreign leaders coming in and running over roads that haven't been paved in years? We're honored to be joined tonight by one of the people who is going to help us build this incredible future, and he is a truly incredible guy.
Franklin Graham is an example. He brought the most incredible people and equipment to Louisiana. [Applause] And he didn't want anything for it. He's a great man.
Everybody agrees that we're finding the criminals, the murderers, the drug dealers. We're getting them the hell out of here. But the farmers, some of the farmers, many of you sitting right here, I have f- four friends right in the fifth row. But some of the farmers were -- You know, they've had people working for 'em for years, and we're gonna do something.
Together are going to deliver real change that puts America first -- America first. We haven't heard that term in a long-term, right? We don't put America first anymore. We are going to start, starting next year. As soon as we take office, it's America first again. [Applause]
Russia wouldn't be attacking Ukraine. But you wouldn't have had the attack on Israel. You wouldn't have had inflation. You wouldn't have had any of this stuff. You wouldn't have China longing to go into Taiwan. They're just waiting for the right moment. They wouldn't even talk about it. They weren't even talking about it. And they won't be, I promise you that.
We have enough problems, folks. We have enough problems. I'm not running to be the president of the world. I'm running to be the president of the United States and protect the people of the United States. [Applause]
They stole it. You know who stole it? The Russians stole it. Something bad happened. But we're now -- We're the designer of it and we're now building them and lots of them. And earlier this year, they launched it into space, setting a world record for amateur rocketry. Can't get you in there fast enough.
We don't win at our borders. We're going to have that strong border and we're going to just -- I'll tell you what, folks, you know me, you know me better than anybody. And you know one of the reasons I'm so honored when I see these polls that are so good is because the people that are voting and the people that are in the polls, now we've got to show it on Tuesday because polls don't mean much of you don't get out and vote.
But they do the wrong thing. But we're doing what's good for our country for the long-term viability and survival. Like, for instance, $700 billion got approved for our military. Our military was going to hell. [Applause]
They've been trying to get it passed for 44 years. We got it passed. And we also passed -- 46 years they've been trying. VA accountability because under the VA you couldn't fire anybody. If they were terrible to our great vets, they could be sadistic, they could steal, they could rob, they could do anything.
And if no other reason you have to go out and you have to vote for Trump, right? [Applause]
And you see it up here a lot. But some of these places, they can't even breathe. Even Democrats are going against Democrats and very -- in a very nasty way. They think it's just absolutely insane, what's going on. But I'll terminate Joe Biden's delusional power plant regulations. These are just crazy things that you -- too lengthy to explain.
Even tonight I see the way the way they're working, and I hope the cameras get to see this crowd.
And we will stop the jobs, because you people have been affected much more than most, from leaving North Carolina. And I have great successful place in North Carolina, in Charlotte, right outside of Charlotte. Right? Trump National, it's great. Lot of employees, I pay them a fortune, they're very happy. They do an unbelievable job. It's a real success.
She's lying. You saw that with the debate. Even I -- you know, I had a thing. I wasn't going to look at him. And I finally had to go like what? I had to look. I just had to. I couldn't hold it. I looked, I said, "What the hell is going on over there?" But he had a bad debate. But, you know, that's OK.
I told them, if you do that, we're going to put tariffs on a 200, 250 percent. You're never going to sell one car in this country. And they didn't build them. And then, as soon as I left because of a bad situation that happened because we did great in this state, too.
But those are the best numbers in the history of the border. And then, look, it was like an Elon Musk rocket ship went up. They announced they were going to open the borders. I thought they were kidding. I built 200 miles of rail, and this is what Border Patrol wanted. I wanted to have concrete plank, like in a parking lot, straight up and down the air, but you wouldn't get vision.
So Dominion is also partially based in Canada, but it's based in other countries too, and nobody knows where the votes -- But you know, Canada refuses to use Dominion. Canada uses paper ballots. So think of it, they're based in Canada, and Canada refused -- think of it. They're based in Canada and Canada refuses to use them.
Under budget and ahead of schedule. Terms you never ever ever here with our government. They build a road, it costs ten times more. They build a bridge. Look at San Francisco with the bridge. They built a bridge -- who built the bridge? China. China built the bridge, right? San Francisco, way, way over budget.
Oh well, she said, I'll take you in and I'll take care of you.
We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement, we believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
I'm so tired of the time and the effort of all of this, we don't have time, we have a country that's in such danger and such trouble to be politically correct. Every word is measured and I can do it. I went to great schools. I went to an Ivy League school, so easy to do it, but who wants to do it? We have to get to business.
And by the way, while we're on it, it was always the plan from the great legal experts of this country and even the world, but from the great legal experts to everybody, Democrats, Republicans, liberals, conservatives. They wanted to get abortion out of the federal government. Everybody wanted that.
Against every law of society and nature, our children are taught in school to hate their own country, and to believe that the men and women who built it were not heroes, but that were villains. The radical view of American history is a web of lies -- all perspective is removed, every virtue is obscured, every motive is twisted, every fact is distorted, and every flaw is magnified until the history is purged and the record is disfigured beyond all recognition.
The disconnect in America is deep.
Man, oh, man, you are something. He got up and we had a great meeting yesterday, right? He got up and spoke. He's a good speaker that one. And everybody loves you, everybody knows you. And a great guy. You're going to do fantastically. Well, he got a good recommendation from Ben Carson. [Laughter] Once Ben Carson recommended you, I said, all right, that's OK. We love Ben Carson.
Considering I never had a problem in my whole life, it's like a record. Most indictments within a 15 minute period. All phony deals, too. How about the one in Georgia? How about that phony one? How about the one in New York? She values Mar-a-Lago at $18 million, and she convinces a judge -- so you don't know what Mar-a-Lago is, but you sort of do. So, some people say it's worth 100 times that number.
We're bringing it up to, to, uh, the way it should be. And you probably heard, I don't know if anybody heard about we're building a little ballroom over there. People are loving it. Now, they're loving it. Took 'em a little while to understand [Laughs] what was going on, but now, we actually got an editorial from the Washington Post and from the New York Times saying, "You got to build that ballroom." I almost, I couldn't believe it when that happened.
So I believe probably I will get a chance to run against her. I love that. I love it. I love it. And polls already say that I'm going to win against Hillary, but I'll tell you what, I really believe that we will win. We will have such a victory.
Oh, the picture of him walking into the DOJ with a big satchel. And I realized what good shape he's in. He goes -- and he's walking. [Laughter] And those guys -- and he had lots of gold -- gold in those satchels, didn't he? Huh? [Laughter] Because I'll tell you, we caught them. Let's see what happens, but we caught them. [Applause] Right? We caught them.
I write his number, I put it in the pile. A year goes by. And now I'm running, and I'm doing well. I never left center stage. Do you know what that means? That means in the debates we never lost a debate, we never lost center stage. Some of the guys were being pushed left, they were being pushed right. We never lost center stage, right?
Did everybody see that? This animal, this animal goes up to the car to -- I'm suspecting fine people. There was about -- Fine people, I mean, they're in very grave condition as you know. Fine people. He's an animal. And I called him an animal, and I was criticized by people calling him an animal. They said he's a human being, he's not a human being, he's an animal.
They've been conquered. They've been conquered. And a lot of -- it's not everybody is Aurora where they're talking about it. We have many towns that are in the same position and worse, but they don't want to talk about it. It's out of control. And we have a lot of towns that haven't yet been infected, but they're petrified that they will be, and they will be.
We're an occupied state that refuses to let our great law enforcement professionals do the job that they so dearly want to do. You know, the law enforcement wants to do the job. They really want to do the job, and they're not allowed to do the job. They want to do it so badly. They're so good, but they don't want to lose their pension.
These guys are just like perfect. They're like perfect individuals. If I were casting a movie on the military, I would pick these guys. There's nobody you could hire in Hollywood that looks like this. So I walked down, and this is where I met General Raisin Caine. And what's your name, General? What's your name?
We've done none. And nobody understands it. Actually, today when the numbers came out, they were so good. You saw yesterday's numbers, incredible. No inflation. Today's numbers -- Today just came out, same thing, no inflation. They're all shocked. All these guys are watching from business, CNBC and all of these different networks.
We have a call from -- " We have all these calls, and they call, and they wanted to know. "Sir, we understand there's a misunderstanding." I said, "No, no, there's no misunderstanding. You're sending your criminals into our country, and you're not taking them back. And I'm not paying you anymore. You're not getting any more subsidy from the United States of America." [Applause] And they all said the same thing.
But we didn't get any Democrat votes. If Claire McCaskill, we would have repealed it and replaced it. But essentially, it's being obliterated anyway, and it's going to be -- you're going to have great, great advantages with health care when you see what we're doing. We want to -- watch, if they win, they will eliminate Medicare Advantage for more than 411,000 Missouri seniors.
9.8% in the fourth quarter. Would we like that just for one quarter? Because we're stagnant and we're like nothing. 9.8. Where were we? 1, 1.4? Yeah. And that was -- and those numbers were a little bit tinged, too, believe me. The fact is this happened again because of all of the business they're getting from the world but mostly from the United States because of manipulation.
Look at all the things we did -- [Audience calls out, inaudibly and affirmatively]
It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. You're going to save our country. We will fight for America like no one has ever fought before. 2024 is our final battle. It's our final battle. With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state.
You say, "Where do you live? They don't live. You didn't have an address. Where do you live? Give us your address with it? I have an address. Many are criminals, many are very dangerous criminals, so they're saying and we are building the wall has gone up 122 miles, as of yesterday and it's a serious you know.
That's crazy. And I will fully uphold our Second Amendment, which, as you know, is under siege. As you know, I got the full and total support of the NRA. They totally endorsed me and support me, but it is under seizure, our Second Amendment, and nothing happened with us. We kept it, and we will keep it. You need it. You have to have it for protection and many other reasons.
But we have these rebels and all of the -- you know they think they're hot stuff, and by the way, they usually end up outside of politics in a very short time. We make sure of that. For the entire summer, Biden was silent as radicals, anarchists, arsonists, and vandals, rampaged through Democrat-run cities in Minneapolis, Chicago, New York, Seattle, Portland, and other places.
And he is crooked as hell. Boy, do you believe what's going on? Lindsey, what's going on with this guy? He's crooked. Now we have to do something about it. They do. We know we got to do something about it. I think it's up to $32 million so far. They've caught $32 million. And that's peanuts. That's what they've caught.
And in Ron's case, he's going against somebody that's got a lot of energy but he runs one of the worst, one of the biggest problem cities anywhere in the country. He's not doing the job. You don't want to have him running Florida. That I can tell you. They're going to take control of Congress. They want to give away our country.
[Audience shouts "Boo"] They want to erase your voice and they want to erase your future, but they will fail because in America the people rule again. Do you remember that just 19 minutes after I raised my hand and took the oath of office, the Washington Post, a terrible newspaper that doesn't know how to write the truth, published a story, and in this case they might have gotten it pretty correct?
Our military is rebuilt, $2.5 trillion, our military is rebuilt, we're doing great numbers, economically, our country is the strongest it's ever been. You have factories moving back into Ohio. You never saw anything like it, right? You had your best year.  So, when I say, Make America Great Again, what that sort of means is, like, we didn't get there, but we did get there.
So, they're tied. And in the general, we're beating crooked Joe by a tremendous amount, like 12 points. A friend of mine who's not that political said, "I can't understand it. How come you're only leading by 12 against that guy?" But they have unions. Although, I think the unions are going to be voting for me frankly, because I think the unions have had it. But they have traditionally, they've had the union vote, they have civil service, they have a big welfare vote.
We will compare the signature on the envelope to the signatures from past elections. And we will find that many thousands of people signed these ballots illegally. The Democrats had this election rigged from the beginning. They used the pandemic, sometimes referred to as the China virus; where it originated; as an excuse to mail out tens of millions of ballots, which ultimately led to a big part of the fraud.
Wow. Wow. [Audience boos] Wow. Wow. That's a lot. You know what? I wish they'd turned those cameras back, and all the way back as far as the eye can see, you have people. And I hate like hell to give them the prime spot, the media, because they don't deserve. Look where that goes back to. That's a lot of people.
It's going to be better than last year. Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity or whether we'll allow Sleepy Joe to impose $4 trillion in tax hikes, an American energy, confiscate your guns, shut down the economy, and tell your governor to open up your state. You know it's all Democrat governors and I think they do it for political reasons, you know, because they'll be less activity, you'd be doing even better if you had a governor that knew what the hell she was doing, you got to open up the state.
It's true. It's true. Common sense, even the exit polls -- you know, about 5 o'clock, they were -- people were coming out. "Who'd you vote for?" "Well, I voted for Crooker Hillary." No. But they didn't. We were a little worried with those exit polls. Then we started winning every state. I said, "Something's wrong."
We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will keep men out of women's sports. [Audience responds affirmatively] I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech. And I will defend the right to keep and bear arms our Second Amendment. [Audience responds affirmatively]
We're going to protect. But all the time I get it. So they ask me about waterboarding and I say, "Waterboarding is fine." But I prefaced it by saying, "We have people that are chopping off heads in the Middle East. They're chopping off the heads of Christians. They're chopping off the heads of others. They're killing and abusing women.
We'll see what happens with Iran. And I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. For years, you watched as your politicians apologize for America. Remember? He'd go around, oh thank you so much. He wouldn't apologize to you, but he apologized to others. Now, you have a President who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for the people of Kentucky.
By contrast, listen to the deal Kamala Harris, have you heard of her? [Audience boos] You know, I had the first debate and after that, Biden was down 21 points, and they went to him and they said, "You're going to lose, you can't win, you're out." This is a coup, by the way. [Audience responds "Yeah"] He had -- this guy had 14 million votes.
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America within ten years that we've already started that program. It will happen. We have the medicine. Nobody even knew that. The AIDS epidemic in this country will be gone within ten years.
We went in there; they were down. Good man -- Rick Saccone. Good man. And didn't quite make it. But lost -- think of it -- lost by about 300 votes out of all those votes. So it's pretty incredible. But we can't let it happen. We have to win. There's nothing like winning. We have to win.
The other night I have 17,000 people at an event and one of the anchors was saying "We're here at the Donald Trump rally. He's got a few thousand people." A few thousand is not, you know what, a few thousand people is not 17,000 people. A few thousand people to me is 3,000 people OK? But there is a level of dishonesty that I would never believe is possible.
You wouldn't have wanted to be the pilot on any of those planes. But they know we're not playing games. And just this week, I officially designated bloodthirsty cartels and murderous gangs as foreign terrorist organizations, something which Biden didn't want to do and nobody wanted to do. It's true. The full might and power of the federal government now be dedicated to eradicating MS13, Tren de Aragua, that's the Venezuelan prison gangs.
So we take care of the world, we don't get it.
We have so many, so many buildings in Manhattan. 40 Wall Street, Trump Tower, a lot. The Nike, Nike Town, all these different things, and I love what I was doing, and I loved it but I watched and I saw and I looked, like you, like everybody, what is going on with our country? I'd see the deals that are made.
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency starts on January first. All done. Lower drug prices even more. Gonna bring 'em down to the lowest anywhere in the world. I've exercised a thing called favorite nations. The drug companies do not like me too much. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
There is no more fitting place to launch this effort than right here in the American heartland, surrounded by hardworking men and women whose skill, determination, and drive are truly second to none. [Applause]
They want to punish the middle class, expunge every last trace of traditional values, and replace the American dream with the socialist nightmare and that's what would happen. Just take a look at what's going on in other parts of the world. Biden's agenda, not that he has one, but you know, he does whatever they tell him to do.
We should have the Gulf states, Saudi Arabia and these states that are not spending. They got to spend. They've got to pay. You know we're protecting them. We're doing -- they wouldn't be there for two minutes if we're not protecting them. They got to start paying. They're not taking anybody, OK?
Thank you, Anne, very much. And Weston is -- I just said to Anne, Weston is up in heaven, watching his mom and he's so proud of you. He's so proud of you. Thank you. We're also joined today by a number of other American families who have lost loved ones to fentanyl. And I'd love you to just stand up for a second and we want to acknowledge you and also your daughters, your sons.
As an example, One America News, do we like it? It's a very popular carrier of our voice, your voice, my voice, everybody's voices. And unexpectedly, last week, they announced that they're going to be shutting down. This is AT&T shutting down One America News. So, what's happening is DirectTV, which is owned by Time Warner, is just -- I mean, think of it, think of it. CNN, how bad, by the way?
She can't put two sentences together. She's just like, "Uh." She's really just like, in many ways, Crooked Joe Biden, and she never said to us -- she never told us that Joe was not functioning properly. She should have because we're talking about the life of the most important country in the world. We need very smart people.
We're not going to be the stupid people that are left out all over the world. We're not going to be the people that are afraid to even talk the word waterboarding. And yet in the Middle East you have people chopping off heads. Can you imagine? Can you imagine what ISIS and the others are saying in the Middle East as they chop off head after head after head of Christian?
We did one pour. They went all the way back up to Harlem. All the way through the park, and I had it built in three months, after eight and a half years. And believe me, most of it was demolition. Most of it was demolition. So, things can be done, you know, if you look at government and if you look at what happens.
You need a lot of energy, so we're going to be doing at least five of these today. The arenas are all packed all over the country. And we're going into different locations. We're going into what they used to call Democrat strongholds where we're now either tied or leading. We're going to Minnesota. [Applause]
Not since the Air Force. But I wanna thank you all. You know, we have a great group of people here. I'd like to show our a appreciation for our phenomenal Vice President, Mike Pence and his amazing wife, Karen. Did he make a good speech? I saw him on the plane and I couldn't sort of -- Did he make a good speech?
No, he loses, he doesn't even complain about it. Just goes back in the car and goes, he votes He votes, he holds up his hand hand radical. Anything radical left. The guy, I've never seen a guy like that. He get treated very badly by the Democrats with Hilary. Then he runs again. Is Bernie Sanders gonna run again in four years, does anybody?
Our military, we can't beat ISIS. We can't beat ISIS.
That are. I don't know, they've got something. But I watched the level. The Republican Party really should get their act together. They have to come together. We got to win. And if for no other reason, the Supreme Court, remember that. For no other reason. Now I always say most importantly is defense. We got to protect our country.
They don't even mention that. So I didn't mention that. OK, I go off the record. But you know what, it's terrible. You want to wash your hands, you turn on the sink, no water comes out. So you leave the water, go 10 times as long, it's the same thing. You have a shower, it's no good for me. For me, you know the one thing that came out really good about being in this business?
I think he always wanted to be a congressman. And when the seat came up in his district where he grew up, I said go ahead. And did he win. Man, did he win? Burt, what's going on with him? He's making us all look bad. He got so many votes. Brian Jack. Where's Brian Jack? Thank you. There he is. There he is.
For the last eight years, Democrats apologized for America. Republicans, on the other hand, are standing up for America. [Applause] Right? We've seen a lot of apologies. Last eight years, we've seen a lot of apologizing. Not any longer. We don't apologize. [Applause] Took a little while to figure that one out.
Nothing happens. Nothing happens. They're crooks. So, uh, she was running AOC, I say AOC plus three, but she was running. And I watched her run, and I said, "Oh, she's pretty good. She's got a spark."
They're a disgrace. The whole world is watching, and they get it. This election is our last chance to save America. The battle begins in Iowa on January 15th, and Joe Biden's banana republic ends on November 5th, 2024. [Audience cheers]
We no longer have to worry about you know lets bring this country to the tribunal of all the others countries -- nice and simple folks it's very complicated to start off with nice and simple. So out of the 5,000 pages, I'll bet we don't have one politician in Washington that's read even a page. And these other countries, smart as hell, smart countries by the way -- these are smart countries. They've read every word, every comma, every period, every paragraph, every sentence. Off Microphone, someone says "They didn't read Obamacare"] They didn't read Obamacare, she's right. Well there's an example, thank you very much I was just about to say that. [Applause] No but Obamacare is a great example. Obmacare was like 2,500 pages, not one politician read it and now were stuck with it.
He was in New York with the great guy. He was in New York with the great guy. He was in New York with the others and I saw him, he was been all others and I saw him, he was been all others and I saw him. He was been all over television over the last couple of over television over the last couple of over television over the last couple of days and he is a beautiful guy.
It was a pile of words taken, mixed up, and thrown onto a board. It was the -- it was the craziest freaking answer I've ever seen. And CBS, who's licensed for free -- they don't pay anything -- by the federal government. Why -- why aren't these licenses bid out? Why aren't -- they're worth billions of dollars.
They say we're further up than that this time. Because we have -- everything I talked about, we have done and more. We've done more than I talked about. Remember what I said four years ago. I am your voice and we will make America great again. And that's what we're doing. That's where we're going. For the last four years the depraved swamp has tried everything to stop me because they know that I don't answer to them.
We must have speedy, but fair trials, and we must deliver a just and very harsh punishment to these people. [Applause]
And are they corrupt? $500,000 for a painting, that's not good, is it, huh? I said, "Well, that one, they'll never get away with, Byron." I said no way. How did Byron do? Did he do a good job of it? [Audience responds affirmatively] All right? Great. Great guy. Stand up, Byron. Big star. Barry, he's going to be -- he's going to be a big star, this guy.
And that includes big tech. Section 230, Section 230. Does anybody know about Section 230? It's a choice between our plan to kill the virus or Biden's plan to kill the American dream. That's what he wants to do, he wants to lock you all up, let's keep, let's stay locked up. And you know, psychotic. But I said, "Hey, I mean, I was given options.
But we have a stronger economy, and we were beating them. You know, all of our -- For the last ten years, anybody in business -- You heard 2019, China will surpass the United States in the economy, that China was going to be a bigger economy. 2019, 2019. And then I came along and we were sky rocketing way, way above.
I don't want to be sleeping in public. He sleeps like I've never seen anybody sleep like that. He go -- he hits the chair, and he's, within seconds, seconds, he's gone. He's out. And -- oh, and he's a 6-handicap. Yeah. You ever see him swing? He goes like -- the ball goes three yards. If he's lucky, if it doesn't go backwards.
It says Trump won Louisiana and I got like hardly any delegates. I said, where are my? I won. What are you talking here. Don't forget, it's only been nine months, folks. I'm figuring it out very fast. And I said, this is got to be a crooked system. You mean, I can win and the guy that comes in third place or fourth place ends up getting more delegates than me? What kind of a system.
So we have a president who doesn't know what he's doing. We have a president who looked like -- remember, he said they were the JV, that ISIS was the JV? Well, he looked like the JV last week, when you compared him to Putin in New York, the JV. [Applause]
And those tractors that I told you to buy, your tractors will be 60 years old if they have anything to do with it. They'll be 60 years old, they'll be old, tired, exhausted. Your land will be exhausted. You'll be exhausted. We've ended the war in American energy. The United States is now the No. 1 producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth by far.
And we are going to lead humanity into space and plant the American flag on the planet Mars and even far beyond. [Applause] And through it all, we are going to rediscover the unstoppable power of the American Spirit. And we are going to renew unlimited promise of the American Dream.
We'd like to meet. Yeah, it's Biden's son. It's Hunter. [Laughter] Oh, it's Hunter. [Applause] Oh -- I'll bet you Hunter is a middleman; he's collecting -- he's like a vacuum cleaner. He follows his father around collecting. [Applause] What a lot of disgrace. It's a crime family. [Applause] You want to know something? It's a crime family. He's following his father. Hunter Biden is a middleman. Oh, that's wild. No, these people are amazing. These middlemen -- you're right.
They were surrounded by hundreds of radicals, screaming at them in vile terms. On the day the event -- and this was incredible -- occurred, a mob flooded the place wearing masks and red armbands, and acting tough. Take the mask off, take their jackets off -- you'll see the arms are about this big.
Thank you very much. That was nice. Very nice. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"]
But we are so smart, so sharp, so loyal. And they do say Trump has by far the most loyal people, Trump has by far the most enthusiastic people. [Applause]
Really, really good jobs, we lost so many of them, but great jobs for New Mexico. Right now, 70 million American women and children live in poverty or on the brink of poverty, right on the brink. Forty-three percent of African-American school-aged children live in poverty. Thirty-four percent of Hispanic school-aged children live in poverty.
But we're very proud of the job we did. We did something that I don't think anybody else could have done. And I want to thank certain governors did a very good job. Certain Republican governors did a very good job. And I can't think of any Democrat governor that did a good job. They were all in lockstep.
Under my leadership, our economy grew at the fastest rate ever recorded, 33.1% just announced. We created a record 11.4 million jobs in the last five months. While foreign nations are in a free fall, we're creating the world's greatest economic powerhouse. A recent Gallup poll, just came out, found that 56% of Americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago under Obama and sleepy Joe Biden.
And she lifted. Got it up. She's doing like Biden does when he speaks. She was going to break the record. "I got it. I got it, mom. I got it." Couldn't do it. Dropped it. And then her competitor came in at a man's body. They said, "Have you lifted before?" "No, not too much." And he bends down. Boom. The winner of the gold medal is Irving Schwartz.
We're going to put the miners and the steel workers back to work. We're going to get your energy bills way down where they should be.
We've been number one ever since. And again, millions of more votes, hundreds of more delegates. And I think this one is maybe the biggest of them all. I mean, New York last week at almost 62% was incredible. Far better than what people thought. They said if you can break 50, again, with three people, it's very hard to break 50\. We hit almost 62%, picked up so many delegates.
I grew up in Queens. When I'm reelected, we will begin removing these criminals, these horrible people from our midst, and we'll end up doing it immediately. I'm going to do it immediately. [Audience chants "Send them back"]
So when I want to go with ethanol, I can. So when I want to go with ethanol, I can go with ethanol. It's a big difference. Don't forget other candidates is - don't forget, other candidates is - don't forget, other candidates is supported by the oil industry. They're supported by the oil industry. They're supported by the oil industry.
And we are proudly standing up for our great national anthem. I am asking every citizen from every party, every background, and every race, color and creed to reject the Democrat politics of anger and division and to unite behind our proud and righteous destiny as Americans. I need you to get your family, get your friends, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and go out and vote Republican.
That's going to be a great term for a president, right? Boy, oh boy, what a mess. This is the biggest scandal since Watergate. And now it's been reported that there are FBI inquiries probing virtually all of Hillary Clinton's inner circle and many of the things she's done over the years. It's about time. Remember, it's a rigged system, remember it's about time.
Americans won the race to the moon, and we will now win the race to Mars. It's gonna be amazing, and you know, one thing I have to say also, and we're also winning the race to great, great, strategic defense and offense, not just Mars. And Mike Pence is doing a great job on that, great job. To protect America's security, I withdrew the United States from the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal, a horrible stupid deal.
I mean we don't have the right people. We don't have the right people. So now they end up taking over the oil. They end up -- you know Iran has second and third largest oil reserves and there are a lot of people who don't know that Iraq has actually the second and third largest oil reserves in the world and massive oil reserves.
We have to take care of our vets. [Applause] We have to take care of our vets. [Applause] But to do these things you need a lot of energy. And she does not have the energy.
You got to do it. Iowa in January. So on January 15th, it's a Monday, show up. You got to do that. You got to show up and grab your friends and get in there, defeating crooked Joe Biden. I think it's one of the most important things. Can you imagine this guy with more time? Even having him in there for a year is horrible because the damage he's doing to our country, because we have to do something.
In the world I come from, if something is broken, you fix it; if something isn't working, you replace it; if a product doesn't deliver, you make a change.
That's what the job is. And if you don't understand that, then you are not fit to run for the office of president of the United States. [Applause] If you are not prepared to put American workers first, then you should not hold or seek public office. We're not working for somebody else.
If you leave any of these states, Delaware, gets hit hard. You leave any of these. What you leave anywhere in a country that's fine. We wish you luck. Except here's the problem. Every time you build a unit whether it's a car or an air conditioning unit. Whatever it may be, that they make and they sell and you think you're going to come across our border which will now be very strong borders.
But the enemy from within is a very sick group of people, I can tell you because I had to go through years of Russia, Russia, Russia, and they knew it was fake. They knew it was fake. How about this? I have a son, Don, who's a great guy. He knew less about Russia. He knew less about Russia, David, than there's nobody in this room.
Please report to a grand jury. Right, Mernin? I get a subpoena. I got more subpoenas than anybody probably in history. I think I had between Congress and every Democrat DA, I always say, I said, "I got indicted more than Alphonse Capone." Do you ever hear of Alphonse? A very nice gentleman, Scarface. Al Capone, the greatest of them all.
And I signed groundbreaking criminal justice reform, which nobody was able to get done. Very important. [Applause] Very important. Very important.
It's gonna rain." And then on the day, we woke up, rain is projected all night long, heavy. Oh, I'm saying, "I, I'll get my hair soaking wet, my hair's gonna be soaking wet." I'll be, I'll be, I'll be crazy. I say -- I'll say, "You know, this is terrible. It's gonna rain one o'clock in the afternoon." The thing was at 8 o'clock in the evening.
It wasn't good when he used that word, it destroyed his career. But they were brainwashed. Some people get -- they hear it over and over again how bad they were and they say how great a job they did. They did great. They did great. They say it again and again. And all of a sudden, people -- and don't forget, it's not their main thing.
OK, it could have been solved. They go immediately to see a doctor privately. We pay for their bill. They're fixed. Frankly, it's not what I'm doing it for. We save money, if you can believe this. It's good. We go right to a private doctor. If they have a long wait, they go right to a private doctor. And 44 years, they couldn't get that one passed.
They'll blame it on the Post Office. You can see them setting it up. Be very careful and watch it very carefully. Because we have to win. This is the most important election in the history of our country. This is the most -- For a long period of time, I would say, "Well 2016, how special was that evening?
And together, with love in our hearts and hope in our souls, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Missouri. Thank you.
Hillary Clinton, all but said that most of the country is racist, including the men and women of law enforcement, she said that the other night. Did anybody like Lester Halt? Did anybody question her when she said that, no? She said it the other night. You're not a die-hard Clinton fan. You're not a supporter.
Are any of them in this room? [Audience responds affirmatively] Who? That's nice. No, I think it's great. I think it's great. Well, thank you very much. First time it's ever happened, it's great. Now, the leaders aren't going to endorse us. Actually, the 62 percent are not exactly thrilled because, you know, they're saying why, but I fully understand.
No, they, they don't have it under control, but we'll have it under control very quickly. So we're gonna be doing that, and Charlie loved what we were doing. He was so proud of what happened. He was there to see it. He was so proud of what happened in Washington DC. As you know, the depraved assassin who planned and executed Charlie's killing has been arrested and charged with capital murder.
Obama has doubled our national debt to $20 trillion. He's added $10 trillion in just seven and a half years. Now, here's the problem. Here's the problem. It'd be one thing if the country was in tippy-top shape. The roads are beautiful, the highways are beautiful, the tunnels, the schools, the hospitals. Our country's a mess. Our infrastructure's falling apart and we owe $20 trillion.
But we got the -- it's gonna be done very soon, and it has given us, an especially during the pandemic, where we really needed it, it's given us the safest border we've had in many, many, many decades. And people can come into out country, and we want them to come into our country, but we want them to come in legally, and we want them to come in through merit, we want people that can help our country.
Do you know that, what you're wearing? I want one. Ricky, I want one. Each of you will carry Michael's memory with you always as you continue the legacy he gave you. It gave you something that would be so proud, he would be so proud, he is proud as he looks down. To Ricky and his mom, Jeanette, you embody what this place is all about, and I know Michael, he's up there, he's smiling broadly.
Well, you have a lot of them. Look, the Clinton News Network is one. [Applause] Totally. Take a look. Honestly. Take a look, honestly. Take a look at polls over the last two years. Now you'd think they would fire the pollster, right? After years and years of getting battered, but I -- who knows, maybe they are just bad at polling or maybe they're not legit, but it's one or the other, look at how inaccurate -- look at CBS, look at ABC, also, look at NBC, take a look at some of these polls. They're so bad, so inaccurate and what that does is it creates a false narrative.
But I say that. But unless you're drugged out, which is a possibility. But if they're not, I'm telling you. I could sit with those kids and we would talk and all I'm doing is, I want to make our country better. I want to put people back to work. You know, forgetting all about even the applause hold for a second.
We saved a lot of industries. We handed checks to the farmers for $28 billion. Did anybody get a check in this room for the farmers? Because you got to be? Yes, good. Not as many as I would've thought. You all got checks, but maybe you're not in that business, but we're all with the farmers and they got $28 billion.
Finally, Hillary wants us to think small, wants us to believe things can't change and wants our lives to revolve around Washington, D.C. [Booing]
I think Karl Rove is one of the most dishonest human beings. I'll tell you. One of the most dishonest human beings. First of all, he's a total bushy. He's a total bushy. Here's a guy that spends millions and millions on campaign and loses almost all of them. But I think some of the guys, George Will, Karl Rove.
Thank you.
Do you like Trump? It's always dangerous. Always dangerous. [Audience Chants Trump] Thank you. Thank you, guys. [Audience Chants Trump] Hispanic American poverty has reached an all-time historic low. Hispanic American unemployment has reached its lowest rate ever recorded in history. African American and Asian American unemployment have reached their lowest rates ever recorded in the history of our country.
Many? Yeah. Very popular. And, frankly, we have no choice. We have to save a lot of jobs. We don't want to give our business to China. We don't want to give our business to other people. And I said, you know, TikTok without my approval, meaning the president's approval because Congress gave the president the right to make a deal, do whatever he wants.
People are pouring across the border. We have no idea who they are. People are coming in from Syria. And you see what's happening with niece and the beloved priest, 85-year-old priest. He has his throat slit and dies. And you know what, our country has enough problems. We don't need more problems and that's going to be more problems now.
You know, they say that in Russia, the people in Russia don't even know they're having a war because they have a rigged press. We have the same rigged press. Maybe not quite as severe, but it'll be there in the not-too-distant future. Both The New York Times and The Washington Post have now finally admitted that Hunter Biden's laptop, the laptop from hell, is real, which I think that was -- I came up with that name.
Our largest cities spend some of the largest amounts of money on public schools, it's their biggest cost. New York City spends $20,226 per pupil, Baltimore spends $15,287 per student, Chicago spends $11,976 per student, and Los Angeles it's $10,602.
Freedom includes the right to be free -- and I mean totally free -- from crime and from violence. MS-13 is going to be gone from our streets very soon, believe me. [Applause] When policing is reduced, it's often the poorest and most vulnerable Americans who are the first to suffer. We have all seen the tragic rise in violence and crimes in many of our disadvantaged communities. We've seen the unbearable horror of the shortcomings in Baltimore and Chicago that have cut short so many lives and so many beautiful, beautiful dreams.
It's just bullshit. [Audience chants "Bullshit" ]
They're only doing this for purposes of getting elected. They said, "Let's go back to what Trump was doing." But the prices are still way high. You see $5 a gallon now for gasoline and much higher than that in some areas. And we will put ANWR back into service. You know, ANWR in -- in Alaska, it could be the largest oil field in the world.
And it was pretty amazing actually what happened. They agreed to go from two percent to five percent. And they had to percent where they didn't pay. They have five percent where they've already paid. That's a big difference. That's trillions of dollars actually, trillions. But they're going to spend that money in the United States with our defense companies.
I understand, Emmanuel, that you're going to be taxing American companies doing business in France." "Oh, yes, yes, yes. That has passed. I'm so sorry to tell you, but that has passed." I said, "Well, I don't think it's passed. I really don't think it's passed. Or if it has, you can un-pass it, because if you don't take that tax off American -- " I want to protect American companies.
No, I think I'm endorsed by every law enforcement group all over the country, beyond the country. I get world endorsements. It's the craziest thing. I said I never knew I was that militant and I'm not militant, you know what, I want common sense. I want people to be safe, right? I want people to be safe.
They said, well, it's going to ultimately be $8,000 of family. He said, well, maybe we won't end them. That doesn't sound so good. He is -- look, he's gonzo, folks. He's gone. He has no idea. And the people that are running that party are radical, far left maniacs. And you can't let this -- this is the most important election in the history of our country.
What happened to them? That's not going to happen to me. It's not going to happen to me. Not going to happen. So I leave you with this, very soon, it's going to be happening. You know on February 1st you start off. You know who we start with, right? Iowa. Unbelievable people, unbelievable place. I think we're going to do great there.
And I hear we're really in great shape, right? We have record-setting early voting, numbers that nobody's ever seen before. Can you believe that? I mean, basically -- correct me if I'm wrong, but the Republican Party never wins early. We'll be 200,000, 300,000, 400,000 votes behind, and they consider that good.
I wish the press was a little bit back further. Look what's back there. Media, look all behind you. Media. Hello folks. My guys could have set it up a little bit better. You know, honestly, they do have these great cameras with the magnifying on them. I mean, if they were back a little further we would have all the people over here instead of back in the corners.
Because I'm not supposed to be doing it your president of the United States. But you know what? I'm more interested in having jobs in this country than I am acting presidential. OK? Now, I have Carl Icahn. I have some of the greatest business people in the world. And the -- we have the best negotiators.
But workers throughout the United States, you don't have to take my word for it. For a special group of people, the people of Wisconsin, I spent a lot of money on this crazy video. Look at this. And you're gonna see it. I hope the people back here can see it. Can you see it too I hope? Oh, that's terrible. All right, you'll take my word for it. Go ahead, play. [Begin Video]
We don't win for our vets. Our military is being decimated with cuts and everything else at a time when we most need our military than ever before. I mean, we have nuclear weapons that we don't even know if they work. And I wouldn't say this except, stupidly, they allowed this to go on 60 Minutes, a big television program, where they talk about telephone systems that are 40 years old and the wires they can hardly hear on the other side.
You know, they're sort of letting it sleep a little bit. They're going to other countries to curry favor. But pretty soon we'll have them buying again. What -- we will have them buying again. But still, I say that the economy, basically, is just running on our firms. We had the greatest economy in history, and the only reason we're doing OK now, and it's not very good.
I don't think so. They'd bring her back home, she wants to go to sleep. And now, I hear she wants to run again. Wouldn't it be great, oh. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. Oh, would we love that? You think the Democrats are screwed up? wait 'til that happens. Wouldn't that be -- oh, there's my guy. [Audience chants "Lock her up"] Well, look, based on the FBI report, you just saw what happened with the IG when they came out with the FBI.
But 18 years ago, people were making more money in real wages than they make today. And today they're working two jobs, some people are working three jobs. So they're older, and they're working harder, and they're making less money, all right? A friend of mine, I've been telling this story over the last month because it's better than going to Wharton or better than going to Harvard and asking them to do a study, because you learn it in three minutes.
We are a nation where free speech is no longer allowed and where crime is rampant and out of control like never, ever before. We are a nation that is allowing Iran to build a massive nuclear weapon and China to use the trillions of dollars that has taken from us to build a military to rival our own. And less than three years ago, we had Iran, China, Russia, and North Korea in check.
Here's your $2. Here's your $1. Here's your 52 cents." Now we got to do that. So that's my opinion. What do I know about delivery? What do I know? That's my opinion. That's a new business, but we're being taken advantage of by all of those companies, and they should pay, not the people. My administration also understands that economic health is vital to public health.
Another one -- they're just very, very devastated but these are great, great people, and I gave out the Purple Heart. I see the parents and I have to say, Walter Reed, I wanted to say the doctors there, the job they do. You know you hear so many complaints about doctors and about the vets and the vets care and nobody's done better.
Here is another example of pay-for-play. In 2009, a company called Ericsson came under U.S. pressure for selling telecom equipment to several oppressive governments, including Sudan, Syria and Iran. Some these regimes used those technologies to monitor and control their own people.
I don't get it. You'll have to -- he was a big football player, you know. You have to tell me. You think there's a person that -- yeah, there's probably a couple out there, you know. Probably that could stop you. They'd stop you. They may need a weapon, but they'll figure it out, you know? They're very smart.
So, I'm very, very proud of that pick. He's already been there now for almost two months. And people are saying wow, that is a tremendous person and a tremendous intellect. So, we're all very proud of that pick. And you made it possible. [Applause] So, I began this campaign on June 16th, a couple of days ago two years. It's my birthday on June 14th, Flag Day of all things.
They're told don't touch anybody. They're told let people come in. They don't want that. These are incredible men and women, and they're standing there people are walking right in front. Beautiful equipment, everything looks good everything, except for one thing, they're told, don't do anything. And when they do something, they say, give him a fine, let him go. They can go wherever they want.
They have that. We have gas. We have gasoline. We have oil and gas. We have gasoline. And I said, "Isn't it a shame? We play away from our strength, and we play right into their strength by doing this." And the first day, I promise you, I will sign where the electric vehicle mandate is gone.
Okay? Uncle Sam. Same day voting. That's what we want. Same day voting. I have some ladies from North Carolina over there. They've attended 92 rallies. Stand up please. These people. They're so beautiful. You're allowed to say that anymore, but you are. You're not allowed to talk about a woman's beauty because it's politically incorrect, but look at them over there.
You know that's happening. I said that a long time ago. That's happening. But all of that ends when we win a crushing victory on November 5, 2024. On day one of my new administration, I will seal the border. And by the way, we want people to come in, but they have to come in legally, legally. I will save the economy.
Hey, Greg, come up. Come up, Greg.
But they don't. Someday they'll explain it to me why. Every president on Mt. Rushmore believed in protecting American industry. We have to protect our industry. And now we are going to start, we are reclaiming our heritage as a manufacturing nation again. Bob Kraft, the owner of the New England patriots, I don't know if you like New England but they have a hell of a team. [Booing] That's okay.
And Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, allowed thousands of criminal aliens to be released because their home countries wouldn't take them back because they're smart. They don't want to take back killers and drug dealers and all of the people that we're sending back.
Even if the Paris Agreement were implemented in full, with total compliance from all nations it is estimated it would only produce a two tenths of one degree - think of that, this much - Celsius reduction in global temperature by the year 2100. Tiny - tiny amount. In fact, 14 days of carbon emissions from China alone would wipe out the gains from America and this is an incredible statistic - would totally wipe out the gains from America's expected reductions in the year 2030.
We got to win this election. Our country is being destroyed by this lunatics. And while you're at it, get as many other Trump supporters as you can. And they'll do the same. Thirty-three days from now, we are going to win the state of Michigan. We are going to defeat lying Kamala Harris, [Audience boos] one of the worst candidates ever.
Thank you. Thank you. Tomorrow, you head to the polls to elect a congressman who always puts America first,  Dan Bishop.  I've just come from a meeting with North Carolina officials representing communities hit by Hurricane Dorian, and I expressed the unwavering solidarity of the American people. We are behind you 100%, 100%. The prayers of our entire nation, are with the citizens of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, and everyone else that was in the storm's path, and I will say I was called by the government of the Bahamas and we're helping with the Bahamas.
You know where you get a lot of your energy from? It's Russia. They have Russian ships out there. For years, they've had Russian ships. And if they did a pipeline going through a place in New York State that needs it so badly, they need the jobs, this would be a positive. And you don't see it. It's underground, and the environmentalists and the governors -- and once you get that done, you're -- I'll tell you, you're -- and I will do it. We'll do whatever you have to do. I'll get it done. [Audience cheers]
And it's really gotten to a point when I said to them, "Congratulations." He said, "Yes. Twenty years ago our country was down here and you were here. Now we are up here and you are some way here." And I'm sitting there saying, and I have to listen to this. But the fact is, they've totally outsmarted our very first leaders.
I had catch and release, but I catch and release in Mexico. We catch and release into the United States, never to see these people again until they murder somebody. And then we see them. And we allowed them through absolute stupidity to destroy the very fabric of our nation. Millions of people were allowed to come in totally unvetted, totally unchecked from places unknown.
Tonight, we send our love and our support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. The radical left in America is waging open war on law enforcement. Hundreds of officers nationwide have been injured in left-wing riots and mobs. You see it. You see it all the time. Please, sit down, please.
Freedom from violence is one of the great civil rights issues of our time. So too is the issue of school choice.
And Hillary wants it to happen, she called it the gold standard, then she rejected it. But she's going to approve it. Then she lied during the debate, right? She lied. [Booing]
But I said, that is really terrible. It's a fraud as far as I'm concerned. But you're in a rough business over here. I'll tell you what -- and one thing I said before, Jerry, you haven't had a winner in Iowa in 16 years. We're going to have a winner, you better believe it. You're going to have a winner this time.
Don't give up the ship. I say it all the time. [Laughs] You're a little behind. I said, "Don't give up the ship." And we win. We all know how to win. Today, that eternal creed is written into the hearts of every sailor in the fleet. America's Navy never ever gives up the ship, right? We never give it up. Another titan of the early Navy was the great Commodore Arthur Sinclair.
We're going to save our country. We're going to turn our country around, and we're going to do it quickly. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.
Once again, we are going to have a government of, by and for the people.
And frankly, this I don't care about it compared to taking care of our veterans, but it's also less expensive if you can believe that. Much less expensive. That's another one. They've wanted to pass it for four decades. They could never get it passed. I got it passed. Here's another one they couldn't get passed for decades, VA accountability.
No. Oh, OK. You've got. We would like to get that. No. You know, the Persians are great negotiators. It's an unbelievable deal. But just yesterday, Obama, just yesterday he brought it up that he's very unhappy. And I mean think of it, think of it, $150 billion. It's the worst deal. We didn't get our prisoners back.
And other administrations, they just didn't want to give it to the police. They said it's too much protection, it looks too strong, it looks like military. Guess what? It's now being distributed all over to our police forces. And it's better than they could ever buy. You can't buy stuff like that.
That's a little sinister term, the deed. Today, we can all relax and be at ease and we're going to have a little fun. I have nothing else to do, so let's have a little fun, right? So I'm thrilled to be here with the men and women who embody American strength and pride. The warriors of the United States Armed Forces.
I'm staying in your state tonight, but I'm going to be going to California. Spoke to the folks in Oregon, Washington. They really haven't -- they never had anything like this, but you know, it is about forest management. Please remember the words, very simple, forest management. Please remember. It's about forest management and other things, but forest management.
No younger people. About 20 to 24, 25 years old. The perfect age for an army. Is that what they're doing? They're sending men in. So has anybody heard the snake? I mean, we have a long time. The football games are terrible. They're boring. Would anybody like to hear the snake? What the hell? Good. We just happen to have a copy.
Like you, they're unbelievable people. For the first time on record in 2025, the Navy, Air Force and Space Force all met or surpassed their recruiting goals three months early. That never happened before, and the Army did even better. Congratulations, Army. They met everything, and these were the highest standards because we're making it larger.
A hundred thousand people a year die from what comes across our southern border and we can't get the Democrats to help us in sealing it even tighter. We got to get them, we got ta get them. So if you want to stop the drug smugglers, the human traffickers, the vicious MS -3 gang members, and by the way, thank you to ICE, these people go into those -- they go into those -- Yes, we call them nest [ph] he's a vicious, vicious people.
I'd move them out. So here's our president, here's our president, who is, by the way, going to go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of this country. Believe me. Believe me. So here's our president, he's doubled our national debt and yet, our country is a mess. Our roads haven't been built, our infrastructure, our tunnels, our bridges, our hospitals.
Josh was a student in a high school. Good student, good kid, everybody loved him. He was murdered at the age of 17. He was tortured, strangled, beaten to death by the illegal immigrant and then his body was set on fire. Everybody wanted this guy out. They wanted him incarcerated. In July, right here in Pennsylvania, an illegal immigrant with a previous deportation record, horrible record, raped a young child.
So again this is the most important election of our lives, maybe in the history of our country, so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get out and vote. The red wave is coming. The red wave is coming. And remember early voting starts guess when, today, so go down there. From Wilmington to Winston Salem, from Asheville to Charlotte, from Greensboro to right here in Greenville, we inherit the legacy of North Carolina patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation.
I said, "Should I mention it?" "Don't hit down." Well, but it became sort of a story. So, I always like to mention it because if you don't mention it, our supporters don't really know what to believe, and they sort of believe this stuff. So, the Gold Star families, incredible people, and I got to know them because the 13 families who were, as you know, lost a loved one in Afghanistan so needlessly because we have incompetent -- we have an incompetent president and vice president, grossly incompetent.
She said but how would I get to my island? They said we are working on some kind of a train system. [Laughter] So she said okay, well then, I am for it 100 percent. It is the craziest thing I have ever seen. They want to rip down all of the buildings in Manhattan and rebuild them. Let's do that. Hey, Stanley, how do you like that idea?
She campaigned here on our last day just before the election.
I said what's the difference? He said they're both good, Caterpillar's better, but this is good enough. I owe it to my family. I owe to my wife. I owe to my employees, my company. I understand what he's saying. They've devalued their currency. Take a look at Caterpillar's stock. Take a look at what's happening to Caterpillar.
We are a nation that is consumed by the radical left's Green New Deal, yet everyone knows that the Green New Deal will lead to our destruction. We're a nation that surrendered in Afghanistan, leaving behind dead soldiers, American citizens, and $85 billion worth of the finest military equipment in the world.
That's why he's rich, I guess, wouldn't you think? But he said, "It's so beautiful, and I'm so proud of it, Jerusalem stone." So now I'm sitting here talking about building something in Jerusalem, and we're going to do a renovation of an existing building. I said, "Listen, can we wrap that building in Jerusalem stone?
They're going to be very happy. You know, they'll be upset and then they'll be just fine, right? They'll be just fine. They'll be very thrilled. They'll be thrilled. [Audience chanting "Four more years"] I'll tell you this. I'll tell you this, you know, I don't want to -- I love this particular state, but I might not come here so often.
You know, these people coming in, I believe they do it for the votes. They really want to get them on the voting rolls. The amazing thing is a poll came out the other day with Hispanics. First time ever. Trump is leading. Look at her, beautiful. Trump is leading. Never happened. I mean, I think Stupid Mitt Romney was at like four percent or something.
And he likes it.
They have no money. We just made them powerful and rich they're going to have nuclear weapons now by the way. We're going to have nuclear proliferation because of that deal all over the place. These people that do these stuff are incompetent. So now, they'll call us and then they'll say you can have your prisoners.
We're also rebuilding our water infrastructure, upgrading the dams, irrigation systems, and inland waterways that are the lifeblood of American agriculture. And in places in the Midwest, we're helping you with your Internet systems where you have such poor access.
You know, I looked, we have 92 percent of the -- I used to say when I was a child, I'd say how come it's called the Gulf of Mexico? It's mostly America. You know all the way it wraps around Florida, all the way up. It's 92 percent of the shoreline. I said I think to me it's the Gulf of America. Little did I know I'd have the chance to do it. I did it very quickly.
I haven't been driving too many lately. But for those you that complain, you buy a windshield wiper, right? And it lasts for one year, and then it doesn't work anymore. You can't see. You got to get another one. They could make the wiper good for 100 years, but they want planned obsolescence.
Don't forget, a few weeks ago, Vincente de Fox, he was the former president of Mexico. And years ago, he was saying, they will never build a wall. Talking about me. They would never build a wall.
And she should be alive today. Jamiel Shaw has a son -- had a son. A great young man killed violently. And I don't know if you know, but killed violently by an illegal immigrant. Shot three times in the face for no reason. Somebody that wasn't supposed to be here. And you have, you have case after case after case.
As you know very well, for eight years, Democrats apologize for America. Republicans are now standing up for America. There is a big difference. We are standing up for the heroes who protect America. We're standing proudly for our great, beautiful, wonderful National Anthem.
Interestingly, a friend of mine called me up. He's in that business but had nothing to do with ANWR. He said, "I heard you got ANWR done as part of our tax bill." I said, "No, actually we don't, but we're close." But I don't know, you know, there's some people I don't like. I don't like Murkowski. She wasn't pushing it.
ICE are incredible. All of the law enforcement is incredible. We love our law enforcement. By the way, we are going to get immunity for our law enforcement, so they can't get sued. In many places, I don't think here, but in many places, law enforcement gets sued and they say, "Go out. Get your own lawyer.
We stopped paying. We used to give the Palestinians $750 million dollars a year. And I said, "Look, we're not gonna pay you. If you're not gonna make a deal, why would we pay?" And other people said that was a terrible thing. It wasn't a terrible thing. Because they'd say, "Death to America. Death to Israel," you know, etc., etc.
We have to run our country tough and smart, and we have to run it with heart. We have to save Social Security we have to do a lot of things, but we're going to save Medicare. We're going to save Social Security. We're going to do a lot of things. We're going to do a lot of things. But, but we need leadership.
And I tell this story. I want to be smart. We have to be smart. I like free trade but it has to be fair trade. It has to be smart trade. But the only thing you can do is one thing. I saw the pictures probably a cell phone camera where this executive is saying, "Sorry, folks your jobs are gone." 100 -- I mean, a lot of jobs.
We've got some people running some countries that are bad people. We will take care of them. We will ensure that the American warrior -- and if you think about it, the great American warriors, because that's what they are -- are given the tools, the funding, the resources, the training and equipment they so richly deserve. They are warriors and they have old equipment. They're not going to have old equipment much longer.
I understand and embrace the wisdom of Ronald Reagan's big tent within the party, big, big tent, remember? Ronald Reagan, great man, great guy. Remember he included Reagan Democrats and Independents and Republicans, a lot of people. We're going to have the same thing. There a lot of Democrats perhaps in this room, are there a lot of Democrats? Raise your hands. I mean, I don't think we need too many to be honest with you, but -- so I embraced the wisdom that my 80 percent friend is not my 20 percent enemy, Ronald Reagan. [Applause]
I will immediately terminate every open borders' policy of the Biden administration, and bring it back to what it was just three years ago, strongest border. And under Biden, other countries are emptying out their prisons, their mental institutions, and dumping everyone, including terrorists, big, big scale terrorists into the USA.
So it would explain this and they called me and they said, we'll let you in for the same $39 million. I said, well, we should be much less than $39 million. But I didn't even want to do that because I'm not going to talk. I said, I'll think about it and it was very public. And when Biden came in, he agreed to go back into the world health for $500 million.
I said, "I'm not interested in going to Mexico. I want those plants built here." And that will happen. In fact, when they learn about the 100% or 200% tariff, you know, they'll probably say, "Yeah, let's stop construction immediately." You'll see a big difference. I will bring automobile manufacturing back to the highest level in the history of our country.
But the fake news was very upset that they allowed me on. Can you imagine? You're running for president. You're leading by 50 or 60 points. And they say, "Don't put him on, please." On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity, and other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content on our children, right? [Audience cheers]
But, but the last story was so good. It's such a great writer and talked about it as a movement and I mean, you see it in here. This room is full. But why are these three seats empty, huh? Who's seats are they? There is -- somebody sit there. I hate to see an empty seat. Somebody sit over there. I'll go ahead, but great Al, one of the great vets of the country.
That's a term that nobody would like, but they're not showing up to vote, and others aren't either. You know, we're doing great in Florida. We're doing great in Ohio. We're doing great in, North Carolina was fantastic. I think we're doing really good in Pennsylvania. We're doing very good in Pennsylvania.
Since I signed the order to establish these goals shortly after taking office, we have made rapid gains. A new 22,000- pound capsule is already built. The next generation of space suits are already made. Colossal rockets are now being tested. And the contracts for three separate lunar landers have been awarded and signed, and they are magnificent.
We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. They're conquering our country. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and the American dream will be back. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] But for that to happen, we must defeat lyin' Kamala Harris, and we must stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig.
But the $20 billion is only a beginning. As president, I will establish the national model of providing school choice to every American child living in poverty. That means that we want every disadvantaged child to be able to choose local public, private or charter school, a magnet school, any of these schools that is best for them and for their family, for mom and dad.
We're going to have such great security, such great security, that we're going to be the model for the world. We're going to be a model for the rest of the world. We've gone -- we've gone from being -- we have gone from being a laughing stock. We'll go to the exact opposite. One of the things that you see, and I say all the time, we don't win anymore.
And the reason I thought I'd tell you that story, the reason I thought I'd tell you that story, and I think it's important, especially for you because you're young. You'll be running the country for a long time. And you saw that catastrophe in Afghanistan where we didn't know what the hell we were doing, where we took the soldiers out.
Under my leadership, the United States will fully support Israel defeating, dismantling, and permanently destroying the terrorist group Hamas. Thank you very much. And I'm glad it's such because this is the worst microphone I think I've ever had. I hope you can hear me back there. Justin, don't pay the bill for this mic.
Amazing. I did not know that. I knew I was doing well, but I did not know that. And I've been a member for a long time, and my boys are members and they are much better shooters than I am. I'll tell you, they know more about guns than any -- I don't know. There might be two or three people in this room, but believe it or not, not many.
In the meantime, have you seen what's gone on? Much tougher than we thought. Because now they're dug in, they're ready. And it's much, much tougher than we thought.
Do you mind? Come. Thank you, Candace. Thank you.
Not only will our citizens trust in your leadership, your commanders will trust you as well. The Coast Guard is the gold standard in delegating decision-making down to chain command. So just as your instructors have at the academy, your Coast Guard commanders will explain their vision, and then they will trust you to get the job done. Just like I, as your President, will also trust you to get the job done.
I'd like to congratulate -- They don't go and look at the facts. No, I don't know. He got -- he got slaughtered, probably. Maybe it was OK. Maybe it was -- but that's what happened. But we look at the facts and our election was so corrupt that in the history of this country, we've never seen anything like it.
He betrayed them. Look at 1994, take a look at that. He betrayed them, what he did to them. He closed the factories in Baltimore and sent them to Beijing. They were all sent to Beijing. So many people went there, they went to all parts of the world, but a lot went to Beijing. He shuttered the plants in Chicago and sent them to Shanghai.
I tell you what, that's a strange -- that's another thing we're going to be looking into. And we're getting -- we're getting four back, they're getting seven. They're getting 14 off of the Interpol watch list. These are real bad customers. They're getting all sorts of advantages, including free free market oil. They're getting unbelievable advantages.
And this is important because we're doing things here that are really going to be amazing. So, let me know. And if it goes out again, I'll sue the ass off that company. We're going to sue them. Then they'll say, "What a horrible guy Trump is. He's a terrible guy." Starting in January, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy cost, the lowest regulatory burdens, the free access to the best and biggest market on the planet.
Hal Rogers -- oops. Harriet Hageman, Harriet, hi. How are you, Harriet? We just left Harriet. This is one of the finest attorneys you will ever see. I have seen her in action and she is brutal [Laughter]. I never want her against me, that I can tell you. Dan Meuser. Dan. Thank you, Dan. Thanks, Dan. Good job you're doing.
Nobody would have thought that, including -- including 25,000 new manufacturing and construction jobs. Remember, they said, "You can't do manufacturing jobs anymore." Really? Tell me about it. Unemployment has reached the lowest rate in over one half a century. The average unemployment rate, this is a beauty for my administration, is the lowest for any United States President in the history of our country.
And we don't even get our prisoners back. And now they want to start a negotiation to get the prisoners back and they want 19 people for our three. They don't want to give us our four. You know we have four. But they only want to talk three.
Then they blamed France, and they blame the United States, then they finally shut up because it was too obvious. Now, it is the China virus. It came. Many of these horrible things are really -- take a look at Connecticut. They have a beauty, right? Lyme disease, Lyme, Connecticut. You think they're thrilled?
We're gonna get it back. We're bringing our jobs back. When countries come in and think they're gonna steal our companies and our companies are gonna go out and fire all of their employees in Florida, in Ohio, in Pennsylvania, in all of these countries, all of these -- everyone. We are not gonna allow it to happen.
It's crazy. Under Border Czar Kamala Harris -- you know, she was the border czar until she started looking at this situation, until the coup. I say until the coup because it was a coup. But she was the border czar. Now, she said, "I was never the border czar." You know what? Give her that. But she was in charge of the border, and the border is the worst-run border in the history of the world.
And time went by, and all of a sudden they had no money. And they would have made a deal. And I would have made a good deal for them. I'm not looking to hurt them. I want them to be great, let them be happy and good. But they can't have a nuclear weapon. And now, they're very close to having one, and it's very dangerous for the world, very dangerous for the world.
He went down. I've never seen anyone go down so fast. Anyway, then these guys, they lined up. They came in, they lined up, lined up, four lines, very tight, boom. Beautiful looking people and then they just walked. That was the end of it, it ended, right? That was the end of it. The only thing easier would be Portland, those are anarchists.
I never said, oh stars all off the place. I never said, oh, stars all off the place I never said, oh, that's the Star of David baron don't. So that's the Star of David baron don't. So that's the Star of David baron don't. So it's a star. Have you all seen this? It's - it's a star. Have you all seen this?
And I pulled out an old law from 1907 because we don't pass laws like that that are tough. And it said if you touch a monument, if you touch it, even touch it against the will of authority, if you take it down, but if you even touch it, you go to jail for 10 years. And there's no nine years and five months.
Did a very good job. Thank you. Good governor. Congressman Matt Gaetz and Ginger, his wife. Good man. Congresswoman, and by the way, somebody who's way up in the polls, Lauren Boebert, hi Lauren, great honey, great. Republican National Committeeman, Morton Blackwell. Thank you Morton. Republican National Committeewoman, Patti Lyman.
We will not cancel culture, You know they wanted to get rid of the Jefferson Memorial either. Take it down or just put somebody else in there. I don't think that's going to happen. It damn well better not. Although with this administration, if this happens, it could happen. You'll see some really bad things happen.
But other places weren't as good as him. And I said, "We don't need votes. We need somebody that can watch the votes and -- and watch the steal." And he's doing a great job. But, you know, I mean, there are so many things happening in Pennsylvania. We're in court all the time. Two thousand six hundred votes, and I don't think there should be a problem.
Today, I want to go through some of our big plans that I will do as the 47th president of the United States. At the top of my list will be stopping the slide into costly and never-ending wars. We've got to stop it. Can't keep spending hundreds of billions of dollars protecting people that don't even like us. Now, you know, in business, if you did that, what you do is you put up the money and then you say, but listen, we own half of your country in case you win.
He's a great guy, don't lose him. Ron, what do you have next year, next, uh -- next time, two years, right? Don't lose him. I'll be here, Ron. I'll be fighting for you. No, he's really a great guy and I'm glad you came up and I'm glad to have you here, Ron, and really, we're very proud of you.
U.S. Steel is now in the early stages, David, of investing over $2 billion in asset revitalization that will invest hundreds of millions of dollars, not just here, but in Pittsburgh, Detroit and Gary, Indiana. That's great.
Ted Budd, please come up. Please come up. Please come up, Ted. I am giving him my complete and total endorsement. We're going to work with him. We're going to campaign with him. You can't pick people that have already lost two races. You can't pick people that have already lost two races and do not stand for our values.
Just last week, the failing New York Times finally admitted that Hunter Biden's laptop is real. Remember when they said it was done by Russia. Russia, Russia, Russia did it again, oh, that Russia, gee. I mean, Putin's got bigger problems right now, but he must have thought we were nuts that the laptop was done by Russia, which really means that Joe Biden's corruption, though, is real when The New York Times admitted it. But they waited until after the election and significantly before the next election, right?
You know there was a time when we made one ship a day and now we can't build a ship. We don't know what the hell we're doing. It's all gone to other locations and other lands. And to further return production to the United States, we're going to environmentally free up our rare earth minerals. We have some unbelievable sites.
[Audience boos ] You know, I always tell the press, turn your cameras around to show the audience, OK? They never do it. Look, look, fake news. They never do it. They never do it. [Audience chants "Turn around." ]
We need that for war. We need that for security, not for cars going back and forth so that you vote for somebody because the oil price is 10 cents less. That's not the reason. He attacked American energy while he unleashed Iranian energy. Look what he did with Venezuela. Remember? Venezuela, take a look at that. [Audience member calls out "I'm for you Trump, I'm from Venezuela."]
And if they did that in New England, the prices would come down half just with the pipeline alone. They were getting their gasoline and their energy from a place called Russia. Ships would pull up on the east coast, Russian ships. And that's where New England got it from, and they were paying a big price.
We need him. We need him badly. And Burt Jones is running as lieutenant governor, and he's doing a fantastic job; and Jody Hice as your secretary of state; John Gordon as your attorney general; and, of course, the great and legendary, Herschel Walker, as your senator. Herschel, we love Herschel. And together, we're going to end Nancy Pelosi's political career once and for all.
We have great generals. We have great leaders. We have a great military, and they're not going woke. You could put them in a room for two years and scream woke crap to them, and they'd walk out, and they wouldn't be changed. They're not going woke. Don't worry about our military. Fourth, to curtail the power of federal bureaucrats and save your thousands of dollars, we will cut 10 old regulations for every one new regulation.
You don't have the energy. Wind is wonderful if you like high cost, if you like having to replace the windmills every nine years. You know, they wear out. And they're very intermittent, and they do kill a hell of a lot of birds. If you want to see a lot of dead birds, go to a windmill and just look underneath.
Everyone will be protected equally and treated justly, without prejudice. We will be tough, we will be smart, we will be fair -- and we will protect all Americans. Without safety, we have nothing! It is the job of the next President to Make America Safe Again -- For Everyone. That promise of protection must include taking care of every last Veteran, which was going to be the sole topic of today's speech prior to the attack in Dallas.
You know, it's very rare that you get a couple of them to come your way. Even on the tax cuts. I mean, we're going to be fighting these people in the '18 election. We're going to be fighting people that voted against the tax cuts, because the tax cuts are phenomenal and popular, and helping people and helping our country.
But they view this as a political thing because this was one of the big things I -- I said, We're going to do tax cuts. We're going to do regulation. We're going to do -- And, you know, we've done most of what we said. One of the -- that's a lot of news back there. One of the folks back there said that He's actually done more than he promised. It's true.
What we're going to do is we're going to change things. We're not letting our companies leave without consequence. There will be consequence when our companies leave. There will be consequence. You know, I went out -- I went out to Indiana, which was supposed to be a state that I wasn't going to do well, and we won in a massive landslide, by the way.
Right? I put up the money. I was putting up money. I gave $350,000 to the RGA, Republican Governors Association. Right? I gave -- I -- I gave tremendous amounts of money to these guys. And I was very much -- I hate to say this, I was establishment. Once I ran, I was the worst thing that ever happened to the establishment.
I used to talk about trade deficit trade. I used to talk about trade deficit trade. I used to talk about Japan now. I talk more about China, but Japan now I talk more about China, but Japan, now I talk more about China, but it's still Japan, it's everybody. It's - it's still Japan, it's everybody. It's - it's still Japan, it's everybody, it's everybody.
And, Tanesha, like Alice, I want you to go give me some recommendations of people that you lived with for many years that you know are good people, that are in there for a long period of time. I want you to give me a list of names, okay? Because I know -- give me only the right ones. You know the -- you got a tough couple of bad ones in there too, Tanesha, right?
And Rasmussen just came out with a very good poll. You'll be liking this poll. This poll is good. We're going to do a good job. More importantly, we're going to do a great job. And they we're going to win it the old-fashioned way. We're just going to win it. I want to thank everybody.
But you notice I started using the Marxist and all of fascists. I started putting in certain words into my talks and speeches. Do you notice how many people are now using those words? Everyone I noticed coming into the plane, everyone's talking about the Marxist. We've got to stop the Marxists and the fascists.
They don't have a drug problem at all. They have a very meaningful death penalty. They don't have a drug deal at all, and they don't have a problem like at all 1.4 billion people. No problem. And frankly, you know, we organize all these committees. We did a good job. I had the first lady on committees. I had a lot of nice people.
Thank you, Nigel. Well, thank you. Whoa. Thank you, Nigel. That's something. Wow, thank -- I'm glad I called him up. I'm glad I c -- Thank you very much, Nigel. It's something. He's responsible for a lot of things that have happened over in Europe. Very positive things, too. Thank you very much. A friend of mine who is a brilliant, brilliant gentleman.
But once I got indicted the first time, remember that? I got indicted, and I got impeached twice. We won that, and we'll win all of this stuff. But once I got indicted, I said, well, now the gloves have to come off because they did something. Those -- the fake news, before these indictments came, the fake news, almost every one of them, "Well, he'll never be indicted.
And I'll tell you, but Bobby Knight was so cool. Because a year ago before I was going to run, you know, I announced like nine or 10 months ago, on June 16th, big day. Not easy to do this. It takes guts to do this stuff. Believe me, folks. I sort of had a nice life. I had a nice company, nice family. Now I call back.
And then, it went to levels. And so quickly, it went so fast, and it was a shame. And it was all blown up and destroyed and jobs were lost, a lot of jobs were lost. Our country is doing really badly under them, and nobody wants to talk about it. The media doesn't like talking about it because the Democrats, they really protect themselves.
So we caught them and that's called obstruction. We have to remember that's called obstruction. [Audience chants "Lock them up"] That was the Mueller group, that was the Mueller group, all those phones they're wiped so clean. And you know, Hillary got a subpoena on the 33. I said forget about these things because you'll find them.
As you know, and by the way, that's a record by a lot, I have the record, but there's one record that probably nobody will get the percentage record. Who has the percentage? You know? George Washington, 100%, but it was only 16 people. So with 217, can you imagine that? It's a record and we're going up, we're going up. The Democrats are thrilled about that one and, as you know, I have nominated and we have confirmed two great new Supreme Court justices, Colorado's zone new -- right?
I call them agitators because most of them are paid to be out here. OK. We don't -- We don't have any in Hartford. That's really nice. But I will say this. What I do like is, you know, in fact sometimes I'm going to stage my own agitators. I'm gonna put them in different corners because the only time the cameras will show these massive crowds.
We're going to have powerful, beautiful, strong borders. And people are going to come into our country but they're going to come into our country legally, legally, legally. And we are going to start winning again. We're going to win so much. That you're going to get sick and tired of winning. We're going to make the Denver Broncos look like a team that doesn't even do so well by our winning percentage.
Come on. What the hell? It's a Saturday. We have all day, right? [Audience responds affirmatively] Come on. Thank you. Come on up. Thank you. It's a great honor. Thank you, Gretchen.
They're trying to cancel Uncle Sam. You know that, right? Uncle Sam is no longer politically correct. You're always going to be politically correct. No. They want to cancel. But they said, "President, we understand you're unhappy. I said, "Yeah. You won't take back the people that you sent" because they sent them.
On regulations, we're going to eliminate every single wasteful regulation that undermines the ability of our workers and our companies to compete.
And in his own way, his father's too tough to say it, but in his own way his father is proud of what the son is doing. So I only say, really, love what you do and remember those other little things I told you, OK? So that's enough of success. Do we agree? Do we agree? Is that OK Mr. instructors. OK? [Applause] I really wanted to -- I wanted to go into it. I don't think I've done that once.
So we're here today to talk about our plan to create a new age of American prosperity by reducing the crushing tax burden on our companies and on our workers. The taxes are crazy -- the highest-taxed nation in the world. We're going to turn that around very quickly. [Applause]
So they fill it up. But they didn't even fill it up. But they bring a lot of people. They do the concert. A lot of people were offended by how bad the language was. And a lot of people left. But by the time Hillary got on, most of the people had left and the press doesn't write that. They didn't write that.
And a lot of clean environment because that's what it is. And with Keystone -- same thing. They have everything they need. They need a couple of little extra ones in one or two states, one state in particular, and they'll start. And it's a combination of 48,000 jobs on top of everything else. We cancelled the last administration's so-called Clean Power Plan.
I said, "Let me ask you a question." And I was kidding. "How long did it take them to get their environmental income, you know, income statement approved?" But to get their environmental statements approved. "How long did it take?" And he looks at me says, "Oh, we don't do that. We don't." Let me tell you.
Thank you. Wow. Thank you very much. Thank you, Marjorie. Thank you, Marjorie, for that wonderful introduction. All my friends are out here. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Please. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
And that means you need borders, you need a strong military, you need good education, try and get low interest rates, low taxes. But basically, it's sort of mostly common sense. Like we just went over men and womens -- which, we don't wanna have men in womens sports. It's actually very dangerous, you know.
You know. [Laughter] And maybe it's because of the carbon footprint. You think maybe that's it? [Laughter] Maybe. Must be the carbon footprint. He just doesn't want private. But he got there hours early. And, you know, the place hadn't started taking in people. They weren't going to take them in. So there were virtually nobody.
But I said, "I want to have them show. Oh, we have it out with them all the time." A friend of mine said, "They don't show the thing." And think of the cameras, right? All they have to do is right there. There's the screen, there's the screen. All they have to do is 1 inch right, ding, 1 inch up, ding.
It's the most important election we'll ever have. And if you want to volunteer to help us turn out the votes in your neighborhood, sign up to get trained at trumpforce47.com, trumpforce47.com. We have to do a job here. We have to do a big, beautiful job and just remember that date. Remember the date. And it comes earlier.
You can request a ballot to your temporary housing location, and go to trumpvote24.com/nc for more details. You know what, the amazing thing and the fake news is picking it up -- that's a lot of fake news tonight. [Audience boos] That's a -- that's a lot. And up there, I would say you have about 9 percent of decent people, you know, it's like about 9 percent.
And if we win Wisconsin -- I don't know if you know. It's very important. You're a very political state, actually. But if we win Wisconsin, we win the whole thing. We're going to win the whole thing. And we've always done well up here, so it's great. And we love it. And we love being here, actually. So, together, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to win back that beautiful White House.
I don't like -- Kill that son of a bitch." He only got indicted once I understand. Alphonse Capone, nice gentleman. I got indicted. Can you imagine my mother and father saying, "I can't believe it. My son got indicted more than Al Capone." Scarface, for those of you that aren't familiar with the name, Scarface, a scar from here to there, and it wasn't from playing Kiddlywinks, was it? Huh? In the latest Emerson poll, we're up five points in Wisconsin and we're leading virtually every swing state by a lot.
Pete, thank you. What a great hockey player. He was the real deal right, Pete? He'll even admit it. He's going to admit it. Pennsylvania Senate President Pro Tem Kim Ward. Thank you. Good job, Kim. Good job. Thank you. A woman who's an incredible writer, actually. She understands what they call the Rust Belt.
Asian American unemployment: lowest in the history of our country. Hispanic American unemployment: lowest in the history of our country. People that graduate without a high school diploma -- it's a big group -- lowest in the history of our country. Women -- sorry -- lowest in 61 years. [Laughter] But we'll soon have the record.
We're going to repeal and replace Obamacare, and get states the flexibility that they need to make the end result really, really good for them. A very complicated issue. We have Tom Price, just got confirmed -- sitting here. [Applause] Stand up, Tom. And I spent a lot of time with Governor Walker and Governor Rick Scott the other day -- we were talking about it. They're really very expert on the subject, and I want to thank them. They spent a lot of time with me. Governor Christie who's here someplace. Where's Chris? Governor Christie, thank you. And so we have a lot of talent and a lot of expertise here, I will tell you. And we have come up with a solution that's really, really, I think, very good.
It's just been announced that Michigan residents are going to experience crushing double-digit premium hikes, congratulations -- congratulations. [Booing]
It's really no wonder that Joe Biden and his thugs are so desperate to stop us. They only know. You remember this. They know this that can stop them. We're the only ones. There's nobody else around. If this election isn't won, I'm not sure that you'll ever have another election in this country. Does that make sense?
She pledged to confiscate your gun. She's going to take away your guns. I didn't let anybody touch that. [Audience boos] Not an easy issue. I didn't let any -- does anybody in the room, please raise your hand, have a gun? Yeah. That's a tough job. That's a -- no, she wants to confiscate your guns and endorse a total ban of handgun ownership.
New Hampshire has lost one in three manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported strongly by Hillary. We've lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization, another Bill and Hillary disaster.
Because that was right after the event, the first one, right? An update on ongoing federal response to the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everybody. To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable, justice will be delivered. That's what I said.
And we believe that people who come to our country should love our citizens, and embrace our values -- our values, folks. In my first 100 days -- and I don't think anybody has ever done more, or certainly not much more -- I appointed and confirmed a Supreme Court justice in the mold of the late, great Antonin Scalia. [Applause] And now Justice Gorsuch has a seat on the United States Supreme Court. [Applause] Made a promise.
Immigration reform should mean something else entirely: it should mean improvements to our laws and policies to make life better for American citizens.
I have a lot of property in California, and I hurt myself. But what I'm doing now is much more important than my properties. It's really much more important. Every time I say that, "What a rotten job he's doing," I say, "Well, that's going to cost me a lot of money," every time. But it doesn't matter to me.
She should've reported him because that puts our nation in danger. We've never been so close to being in World War III than we are right now. And don't kid yourself. We have an election coming up, but we still have, like, three and a half months left. And it's a long time in a nuclear world, and that would be a war like no other.
There's so many. There's so many you can almost not count. This is a very unfair thing to your favorite president, but what the hell? I've been treated so unfairly. What the hell difference does it make at this point? Now, your favorite president, your favorite president, excuse me to all those young people, your favorite president got screwed.
New York is a very corrupt judicial system and they better get it straightened out because businesses are leaving New York because of things like this. But they started a process of unconstitutional property confiscation very much akin to Venezuela, Cuba or the old Soviet Union. This case was supposed to be in front of another judge with experience, but the New York state court system doesn't do that because it's corrupt.
They lined up, they weren't socially distanced, but that's OK. They lined up, then another line, another line, then they just walked forward and that was the end of that. And I think we're going to win the state of Minnesota because of it, I think. It hasn't been won since 1972, but it's looking like we're going to win Minnesota because of it.
And slowly I love it, one after another after another, they're gone. And I talked about illegal immigration. And did I -- you talk about heat. That was heat times 10. Rush Limbaugh said, I've never seen any human being received so much incoming, meaning from those people. It was unbelievable. But, but after two or three weeks of like going into a cocoon, steel cocoon, people started saying, you know, Trump is right.
Nobody bought them. We had a run on the hats. They sold 71,000 black hats. Can you believe it 71,000? You make money with money? It's the way it is. It's a hot item. Anyway, has just released numbers plainly indicate our economy is a total disaster and is expected to get very substantially worse. It's a wonderful time for me to come in.
The fraud that we've collected in recent weeks is overwhelming, having to do with our election. Everyone is saying, "Wow, the evidence is overwhelming," when they get to see it. But really, it's too late to change the course of an election. It's too late to change the outcome. In fact, there is still plenty of time to certify the correct winner of the election and that's what we're fighting to do.
You know that they couldn't do the guns with me. So then they started getting rid of the ammunition. People said, I have a gun, I can't get ammunition. We took care of that very quickly. If Joe Biden is reelected, your gun rights will be gone. They'll be totally gone. You know, the sad part of that is the bad guys aren't giving up their guns.
This was not just extreme carelessness with classified material -- which is still totally disqualifying. This is calculated, deliberate, premeditated misconduct -- followed by a cover-up that included false statements and lies to Congress, the media and the American people.
But everyone knew that the Russia disinformation wasn't true, and it made a 17 point difference in the polls. But we didn't need it, we had plenty of votes. We had more votes than any president, any sitting president, ever. More votes by far, by far. We didn't need more votes. All we needed was honest vote counters, Uncle Sam.
The real changes that we are facing are the drugs and the gangs pouring into our country, the millions of people overstaying their visas, chain migration that cost taxpayers billions and billions of dollars, and sanctuary cities that set free violent criminal aliens all over our country and protect them. [Crowd Booing]
And we did that in three years instead of eight years, or in one case, more. And we protect our Second Amendment. We protect our Second Amendment. So we've done all these things. And, remember, the tax cut was the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. And what do they do? They impeach you. [Audience Boos]
Can you believe this guy? He may be -- we're all -- he may be the world's most conservative human being.  Thank you, Steve.  And I supported him long before I became a politician. Do I have to use that term? Am I a politician?  Thank you, Steve. And another great, great gentleman, so much help to me, Congressman Jeff Fortenberry.
But it took longer than I thought, but I predicted this. It's called the migrant crime, and it's far more deadly than anybody thought. They will actually have fistfights with police in the middle of the street. You saw that the other day where they attacked the police. Even our bad criminals, they never had fistfights with the cop.
Where is Marjorie? Marjorie Taylor Greene is here. She would say -- hello, Marjorie. She's a warrior. Oh, there she is. Oh, look at her. How beautiful. Ah, thank you, Marjorie. Want to say something?
You don't mind having a rich nation again and having lower taxes, do you? Does anybody here mind? If anybody minds, please stand up. I know Dick Cheney will not stand on this one. Please stand up. As long as the GOP stands for made in the USA -- remember the old days, cars made in the USA, right? We don't have that too much anymore. We're going to have it again soon. I'm telling all the car companies, put a big label, made in the USA. It's going to stand for quality.
That was the thing that was most important to me. I used to hate when I see all these companies leaving our country going to Mexico in particular, but Canada also, a lot of them going to Canada and they'd make a product, everybody gets fired in our country. They close their business and they make the same product in a different country.
Today, you can't build a ship in four years. It took us 10 years to build the Gerald Ford aircraft carrier, 10 years, and then they decided to be cute. They used -- instead of hydraulic elevators, they used magnetized elevators. So if I have a glass of water, I pour it on this massive, that's the end of that.
And her brother's here. I have -- I have to tell you, he went to this college and Brad Parscale is here, the world's tallest campaign manager in the history of the world. He's the tallest in the history -- but most importantly, he's the best. World's tallest manager, but he's the best manager. Thank you, Brad.
Today I was in Washington, D.C. where I just finished building, this is before I started running for president, OK, just so you understand, but I have a great, great, the best, probably the best piece of land in Washington, one of the great pieces of land, the Old Post Office. And I'm very proud of it, it's a great building. We've built it into a hotel. It's on Pennsylvania Avenue, right between the Capitol building and the White House, right smack in the middle. If you're in the real estate business there's an expression, always try and get the post office because they were there first, it's the best location. So it's this incredible building. And we had the opening of Trump International Hotel.
For example, we are grateful to Kanye West, how about Kanye? How about Kanye? I don't know. And you know, Kanye -- it was very interesting, because we get these poll numbers and a lot of them were fake polls, I call them fake polls. And -- and one of the polls just comes, Kanye leaves -- and Kanye's really a great guy, he's a little different, do we say?
We will lead humanity back to the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land astronauts on Mars. We're very close to doing it. We will protect innocent life. We will defend our constitution. We will defend the Second Amendment, which is totally under siege. And we will proudly uphold Judeo-Christian values and principles of our nation's founding.
They've had that border. So, what the hell are we doing there? I took our 5,000 troops out. Everyone said, "Oh, this is a terrible mistake." Nothing happened. We got him out. That was years ago. Nothing happened. Nobody wants to report about that. The fake news won't report. We did a lot of things. Do you ever see those hats?
But we have to do something to clean up this political mess because it's crooked stuff. It's crooked stuff. And it's got to stop and it's very unfair to people that go out and do it the way you're supposed to do it, including me where I put up my -- I think I'm the only one -- I know I'm the only one that self-fund.
In Chicago, two weeks ago, four people murdered, 11 people shot. This weekend, it was like terrible, much worse than that. And then we have a governor that stands up and says, oh, it's wonderful. It's not wonderful. And what we're doing is we're gonna make it totally safe. It'll be very safe very soon. And we're doing that with all of our cities that are troubled.
They're happy to do it. So it's really great and it's just going to be a very important element to making America great again, like your hat. [Applause] When it comes to reforming Washington and taking on the bureaucracy, I'm telling you, because I've seen him, he's tough as hell, Luther is your man. Luther wants to end business as usual, stop the insider dealing and Luther Strange is determined to drain that swamp. [Applause]
All right, Scott. So this journey began in June and nobody had any idea that it was going to be like this. I've been now on the cover of Time Magazine so many times over the last few months. It's been incredible. And the last one, last week's Time cover, I loved Dory, I just thought the story was so well-written and so professionally written without any barbs, you know, normally and Scott knows this very well.
I think the most accurate poll over the last eight or nine years was Rasmussen. They just came out with a poll that we're five up. We're five up, five up. We should be 35 up to be honest with you, but some people can't break an old habit. That's really what it is. So, I say to you, vote for Trump, and I will turn it around very quickly.
He lies so much. I mean, he lies. We call him lyin' Ted Cruz. L-Y-I-N apostrophe. Lyin' Ted. He holds the Bible up high, puts it down and then he lies. Look what he did to Ben Carson who endorsed me by the way. A great guy. He goes into Iowa. He goes in Iowa and he says, Ben Carson is out of the race. He's left the race.
But when you see the things that are happening to our country, and all you have to do is know how to speak. When I watched the way our border was handled, we had the best border, the safest border, the border that saved my life. I was pointing to an immigration border sign when I made this turn, and that thing went that way instead of that way.
But I want to thank Ted and all of the owners for allowing this to take place. It was really great. And thank you, it's a hell of an operation, great place, fantastic arena. Thank you, Ted. Thank you, everybody. At Homeland Security, we will have a tough leader in Kristi Noem, and we will have an outstanding secretary of transportation in Sean Duffy, Congressman Sean Duffy.
These people are fantastic, but who would negotiate deals like this? I mean why and where and how do we -- how does that happen? So I have great relationships with foreign countries. I'm doing deals. I do deals all over the world. We do great. We built a great company. You know, they said he wouldn't run and you know, it takes guts to run.
And I have no doubt about that. Somehow that doesn't suit Georgia too well. That's not, that, that doesn't work too well, I think, Kelly and Georgia, does it, huh? David and Kelly are running against radical Jon Ossoff, and Raphael Warnock. Ossoff and Warnock are the two most extreme far left liberal Senate candidates in the history of our country, and you got 'em both at one time.
Even the Obama administration says it in their stats. But we had -- we totally fulfilled that. And this was against Paul RINO. Do you know who Paul RINO is? Paul RINO and probably one of the worst Republicans in history, Mitch McConnell, OK. He did it again. He came out and he saved the -- did you see that?
Secretary of Energy Rick Perry, of Texas, an Eagle Scout from the Great State. The first time he came to the national jamboree was in 1964. He was very young then. And Rick told me just a little while ago, it totally changed his life. So, Rick, thank you very much for being here. And we're doing a lot with energy. [Applause]
[Audience chants "USA."] Great guy. He's a great man. And I'll tell you, you have hundreds of thousands of people that follow, and that could be a very big difference. They are -- the Democrats are not happy about this. This was supposed to be their vote, and they're not at all happy. But really, a great, great, great young guy.
They're all being dropped into our country. We're a dumping ground. When I was president, I got along with Gavin Newsom, but I didn't like what he was doing, very simple. I liked him. He always goes around telling me we had a very good relationship. We had a good relationship, but I didn't like what he was doing.
They thought it would -- I remember in wa- -- "Sir, it will take five years." I went to Iraq. I met with the generals. I met a general, Raisin Caine. His name was Raisin. His first name was Daniel Caine. "They called me Raisin." I said, "You mean your name's Raisin Caine? I love that. I love you." I've been looking for you.
And they won't challenge that. They even admit that. They're not happy about it. They're not happy. But that was the greatest movement in the history of our country. It is not up to the media or the fake news or the pundits to decide your fate. It is up to you. You have the power. With your vote, you can do so much, but you can defend your family, defend your community, defend your country, defend your rights, your faith, and your dignity.
They're going to be all knocked off very soon. Now we've, we've done a good job but it was, it wasn't easy. You get impeached over a telephone call that was perfect, perfect call. Perfect call. Congratulations on your victory Ukraine president, Ukraine. Nice man. Never met him before congratulations. "Sir, could you call up and congratulate the president of Ukraine?" "Sure.
The attack on the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida, was the worst terrorist strike on our soil since September 11th, and the worst mass shooting in our country's history.
It's so sad to have to report. But if we swap them -- and part of swamping them is winning the primaries in record numbers, and I think we're going to do that. We seem to be doing it everywhere. We love you very much. Thank you very much. And remember that date. Remember that date. Thank you all very much.
Look, they all see what's happening to our country. They're all incredible. We always have packed houses, to put it mildly, like this. I mean, the spirit has never ever been like this. We did great in 2016. We did better in 2020. There's never been spirit like this time. I don't think we've ever had, Pete, never had spirit like this.
Five years ago, they could have never lived. But it's incredible. 38 so badly hurt, and we left a lot of hostages. We left a lot of Americans there. We got out with the planes. Remember the planes? You said, "It'll never be another Vietnam," with the helicopters. This made Vietnam look like it was a picnic.
They came in from prisons and they came in from drugs and gangs and drug lords, the worst in the world. They, they came in from mental institutions. They emptied mental institutions into our wonderful country. And I know exactly what's going on in Iowa. You had some horrible crime in Iowa caused by illegal aliens, but we're getting 'em the hell outta here.
They came in through a legal process, but nobody came in through the southern border. Can you imagine? Even I can't, I, it's hard to believe that because -- And we do have it tight as a drum, but that's what we have to have. If you don't have borders, if you don't have a fair media, if -- You know, you need certain things, you need a good, fair media.
So he comes back. I gave him 10 minutes. He came back in about four, sir, it'd be such an honor, sir, to to give you 28,000 soldiers. We want to give you 28,000 soldiers so we can have them there immediately. And that's we got 28,000 soldiers for nothing for years. And we stopped drugs coming in, and we stopped human trafficking at a level.
He said, you'll have to go to Mexico. I said, what about the United States? He said, we're putting up a couple, but they're small. He's the biggest guy of doing this. He said, in Mexico, they're building massive automobile factories. I said, you mean they're doing it, and who's the owner of the factories?
It would have been so great -- would have been so great. Number one, it wouldn't have happened. I wouldn't have had to make a deal. Putin never would have gone -- I talked to him. It was the apple of his eye. I talked to him a lot about Ukraine. I mean, it was the apple of his eye. You know, he said this used to be a part of the Soviet Union.
We had great people, too. Again, we rebuilt the military. We go to all those tax cuts and regulation cuts. We had great people. But we had some people that I wouldn't have put in the place, guys like Bill Barr because he didn't have courage. And I wouldn't have put them in place. They missed a great opportunity.
But that worked.
I'm also honored to have the greatest temperament that anybody has, because we know how to win. [Applause]
And he can't register because it's now the time limit. So you don't have South Carolina or you don't have Virginia. You're not going to be on the debate stage with us. But they don't do anything about it. They don't do anything about it. So we have to get tougher. We have to get smarter. We have to really run this country with love and with heart, and we have to take care of people that are sick.
Folks, what's happening to our country is a disgrace. It's never happened before. And in fact, she lied in front of Congress to such an extent. And I'll tell you what, I'm very disappointed in Congress, both Republican and Democrat, that they don't find a way to do something. Because they give the information to Department of Justice.
With your vote in this election, I will end inflation. I will stop the invasion of criminals coming into our country, and I will bring back the American dream. We need the American dream to come back home. Our country will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of gross incompetence and failure or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country.
So thank you very much, Bob. Thank you very much. I have one question: Was this an easier job or a tougher job than you thought?
He's not a capable person. I mean, if you had a store, and you wanted to take a week off, you wouldn't put him in charge of the store. No, you wouldn't. Would you trust him to run your store? I don't think anybody would. That's a little question. It's a little thing. If you have a store, would you trust the President of the United States to run your store?
NAFTA has been a terrible deal, a total disaster for the United States from its inception, costing us as much as $60 billion a year with Mexico alone in trade deficits. You say, who negotiates these deals? Not to mention, millions of jobs and thousands and thousands of factories and plants closing down all over our country.
She says, yes, we will fight ISIS. She's the one that created it with stupidity. With stupid, stupid policy. Policy that's only going to get worse. She is the one that created it. And that's what's happened. And so now we have problems all over the place.
We put tariffs on solar panels because China was flooding the market and it wasn't good stuff. We had 32 plants. Two were open and they were barely breathing. They were mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. We put a 30 percent tax on solar panels coming into the United States.
I was with Greg Abbott, I was with Ron DeSantis, Texas and Florida, and other Governors that can't even believe a thing like that could happen, but they get caught. They're walking up there like 30 cans of soup, they have like 25 cans of tuna. They get caught, I'm bringing this home to my family. How dare you stop me?
We have enough problems. And you know what? We all have a heart and we see what's going on, the world is unbelievable what's happening. And we'll build safe havens and we'll get the money from the Gulf states, they have so much money they don't know what to do with it and they haven't exactly been putting up. So we'll get the money from -- we owe $20 trillion. If you don't mind, I'm going to low-key it a little bit, OK? Does that sound OK to everybody?
And I want to tell them, don't do it, but at the same time, if they love it, I always say you have to do what you love, but I would always say if you want to be a teacher, you study certain courses where you want to teach those particular courses. If you want to be a business person, you should absolutely go to business school and whether it's marketing or accounting or any other.
But before we can defeat the Democrats, socialists, and communists, which is exactly what we're running against at the ballot box this fall, we first have to defeat the RINO sellouts and the losers in the primaries this spring. We have a big primary coming out. Right here in your state, we're going to throw out a very, very sad situation that took place.
Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as one people, under one God, saluting one American flag. [Audience chants "USA"] It's time to break with the bitter failures of the past. [Audience chants "USA"] It's time to just -- we have to break. We have to break with those failures.
We're tired of being ripped off. We're of seeing jobs go overseas in other countries and to Mexico. We're tired of seeing the stupidity that we run our country. It's gross. It's stupid and it's so -- Will not going to happen anymore. [Audience cheering] Will not going to happen. We're having a good time?
I don't know what I'm going to do. We'll have to come up with another name for her. Elizabeth Warren, a very boring name, we're going to have to come up with another name. I can't use the word Pocahontas anymore. [Laughter] There's no Indian blood! I always said, I have more Indian blood than she has and I have none.
He would -- he said, "Lock him up" last night. He's not allowed to say that. He's such a stupid guy. Such a stupid fool. He's such a guy. What a -- but they actually -- remember, this -- this was the -- they took it away from him. They did something that's never happened. You know, you can use different words, but they just took away the presidency of the United States.
And we actually had a very good relationship, President Xi and myself. Somebody said, "What kind of a man is he?" He's a fierce person. He is. He's a very smart guy. I hate to say brilliant because every time I call him brilliant, the press said, "You said the president --" Well, he is a brilliant guy.
You know, I kept thinking to myself, Why is that? I wonder why. Think about it. You win. You have this great win. Now, you take a breath. You relax. All of a sudden, two years is up. They're fighting like hell, and you're complacent. We cannot get complacent. We have to win the midterms.
We have no choice. It's not sustainable by anybody. We have no choice. Less than four years ago, I handed Crooked Joe Biden the strongest, most secure border in US history. We built 571 miles of border wall. We ended all catch and release. We shut down asylum fraud like nobody's ever thought, even imaginable.
But it's peanuts. But. so I don't take any more. I'm putting my own money. I'm funding my own campaign. I'm spending a fortune and I am spending but so far I haven't spent that much. So far, listen to this one. There's a stat that some people like and some people say maybe it doesn't sound good but I like it. The business people like it. So far I've spent less money than anybody else and I've had the best result of anybody else.
And I said, "What's going on?" They said, "Bush will come in, make a speech, and leave. Obama would come in and make a speech and leave." Nobody would say anything about it. When I came in, I didn't make a speech, I looked at the numbers. I said, "These numbers are terrible. Nobody's paying their bills." And I told them that.
MAGA was the most successful political operation, political movement in the history of our country, maybe in the history of the world. Let's see what happens because we're not finished yet. We're not finished yet. We got a long way to go. But we're doing this in the very first day in office and in just a few moments, I'm not only signing the release of the J-6 hostages, I'm signing other things that you're going to love.
Passed Right to Try to give critically ill patients access to lifesaving cures where it hasn't been approved yet by the FDA. Incredible. [Applause] And, by the way, many of you know what that has meant. We have had some examples of success that -- on Right to Try -- that have been amazing.
That was pretty big. And also, former Acting Attorney General, a friend of mine, a great, great guy. And there's somebody up in heaven looking down on you right now because he loves his pop, Matt Whitaker. Matt, he loves his pop. Do you understand that? We love Matt. He was a football player. He was a football player, look at the size of that guy, huh?
They're illegal migrants." I think -- personally, I think the word alien is nicer, you know. But what do I know about things like this? But when you think about it -- and -- and let me just tell you one further fact, and then we're going to finish up. And I'll -- I'll only do this speech once. I'm not going to do this speech again because there's no reason to. I have three or four rallies today. I have -- [Audience member calls out "
They enjoy the outdoors. They enjoy it, they love it. On infrastructure, I will ask Congress to pass legislation that produces $1 trillion of new investments in America's crumbling infrastructure including major projects in our inner cities. We're going to take care of our inner cities. We're going to get the inner cities going again.
And he is. And he's been. And many cou -- If you look, just take a look. Many countries are doing that because I don't like having deficits with every country. And China, we're taking them on very strongly. First time ever. Very Strongly. And they either open it up to make it fair and don't charge us what they're doing, because that's no good, or we just don't do business with them, it's a very simple thing.
Coach, coach, don't do that. Don't do it. He said he's not going to change his tune, coach. He called it. He's not changing. I don't care and he's screaming. That's when he threw the chair, he starts going crazy. And he said, no, he's not going to change this time, but he's going to change for the next play.
You know, it's a long way away, we're not even in it, and yet, I think the enthusiasm right now is greater than it was even before the 2016 election. Does that make any sense? I think a lot of it has to do with a witch hunt. A lot of it has to do with a phony witch hunt because you're smart people. You know, you're the elite, they're not the elite.
And you know what? When I charge them, when I say, look, 20 percent, I'll keep it down to a minimum 20 percent because I'm a nice person. It totally wipes out the deficit. We go positive, we make a lot of money. And you know what they're going to do, they're not going to pay the 20 percent, they won't pay it too much. In fact, the higher I make it the better it is. You know why? They're going to come to Ohio and build a plant because that way they pay nothing, right? They pay nothing.
It would have been finished like a year after it started. It's not even a tall building. That's easy. But -- because it takes longer, to build a tall -- height means length. Remember that, OK? But -- but -- one of my friends, or me -- the thing would have been thrown up so fast and it would have been better.
You understand that. He'll establish a national sanctuary city policy for criminal illegal aliens. He loves sanctuary cities, meaning the people that control him love sanctuary cities. Biden pledges to oppose school choice and he has stated that if he is elected, charter schools are quote, gone, they're gone. [Audience Boos] In the second term and we've already started it very heavily.
And we're 35 to a small number. We're killing everybody in every poll. Just one little outlier here and I'm sure, again, when Des Moines comes out, I'm sure it'll be a negative because I don't believe -- I don't believe that poll. But -- but we are going to win. And I tell what, honestly, Iowa is so important to me. I could say, oh let's not do -- I am an Evangelical, I'm a Christian, I'm a Presbyterian.
We're going to protect our law enforcement, our military, our vets. [Applause] Right? The plan I've outlined in Congress is built on four key principles. It can be passed in one bill or in a series of measures. What matters is that we get the job done. First, we'll invest in the American worker.
We will be back very quickly, we'll never forget what China did to us. That was no, we will never, ever forget. You know, I signed a great trade deal with China, they ordered the largest, it's the largest order of corn, the largest order of soy beans, beef, cattle, ever a few weeks ago. It's because they want to keep us happy, they want to keep us happy.
We're going to charge them a 35% tax on their product. And you know what they're going to say? They're going to say we're not moving because if we have to do that it no longer makes sense to move. And the politicians could have done it. They could have done it. They don't want to do it because they're controlled by special interests, folks.
I ended it. Didn't have much help from Susan Collins, I can tell you that. But in Maine, I made that industry. We won that half of Maine. We won something that you're not supposed to be able to do, and I won because of what we did. But I'll put all that stuff right back. They ended it. And the pipeline, they ended.
And this guy comes along, one hand, broke it by many, many pounds. They said, have you lifted before? No, I haven't, I've just started. No, but you know how unfair that is to women? [Audience member responds "it is"]
And my people said to me, "Sir, they can't do it. They cannot produce that much." I said, "You know what?" No, it's true my people wanted to stop at 20. I said, "I'm not stopping at 20." I want them to come back and say, "Sir, we can't do it." Because I love my farmers. But they're going to be out there busy.
We are going to triple the number of ICE deportation officers. Within ICE, I am going to create a new special Deportation Task Force, focused on identifying and removing quickly the most dangerous criminal illegal immigrants in America who have evaded justice.
I've already had two. Oh, it's driving them crazy. May everybody lead a long and happy life. I will not get caught in this situation. This guy is -- he's a fan, but I doubt he's going to get me in big trouble. Nope, I want everybody to be healthy. Washington Democrats tried to destroy Brett Kavanaugh with a vicious campaign of smears and lies, but we refuse to cave into the left-wing mob.
But this was attack on civilians and this was the worst attack in the history of our country. And when you think of what we've done since then and how we've reacted that's New York values, folks. That's New York values. And you're right, we are going to build that wall and we are gonna build it. Believe me. We're gonna build a wall.
They think by keeping them and hurting them, you're hurting the economy. Our economy is doing phenomenally well. And it's not only is it a V, it's a super V. You see what's happened. We just had a jobs number come out, 1.4 million. It's down to 8.4%, nobody thought that, 8.4. So we had the greatest economy, we closed it up and now we're opening it up and your state to go with it, we're opening it up and we will have a great third quarter.
It was hot outside and it was hot over. She never worked there. It was a lie. And when I asked her at the debate, I said, "I want to talk about this." ABC said -- you know, ABC, which is the worst of them all. [Audience responds "Yeah"] By the way, did you see that David Muir's ratings are way down? I love that because he lost his credibility.
By the way, is there a better reference than Tom Brady and Bill Belichick for this? I don't think. I don't think so. You know in Massachusetts, we had what 14 people left? They go like this boom, boom, boom. I think we had 14 people left. We got 49.5% of the vote. And these dishonest pundits said Donald Trump has not broken 50. How do you break 50 when you have 14 people?
The plan includes -- and it's so important, we are going to transform the tax system of our country, which is a mess. [Applause]
No I'm not." They said, "Yes, you are." I said, "Nope." They said, "Who's more famous?" I said, "Jesus Christ." I'm not taking any chances. I'm not gonna have an arg- hey, I'm not having any arguments. Jesus Christ. I'm not gonna take any changes. [Inaudible] I guarantee. And let me look up and I'll say, "And it's not even close." [Laughs] To defend our Constitution, I proudly nominated Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court.
As you know, the FBI has reopened its criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton. They're also conducting a second criminal investigation into Hillary's pay-for-play corruption at the State Department. [Audience Boos] Last night it was just confirmed that the 650,000 can you believe this number? E-mails they discovered include brand new e-mails not previously seen by authorities.
We ended the NAFTA disaster, the worst trade deal ever made, and replaced it with the brand-new USMCA, Mexico and Canada, the best trade deal our country has ever made. In fact, it's so good that Mexico and Canada want to renegotiate the deal, and they're starting a renegotiation now. I say to the Biden administration, don't do it, because that was a horrible deal.
Because I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. No other president took in 10 cents. Barack Hussein Obama took in nothing. He just talks. He talks all the time. Talk, talk. And a terrible thing happened to days -- I've always treated his beautiful wife, Michelle -- I've always treated her with great respect, but she hit me hard over the land.
We're going to build up our great military. We're going to build it up.
They kept talking about the honeymoon. Because I beat Biden. We were up 21 points by their numbers. And they went to him. Crazy Nancy Pelosi, she's crazy as a bedbug. Crazy Nancy, but others, too. They went to him and they said, "Joe, you're out." He said, "I'm not -- I'm not getting out." And they said, "No, you're out. We're going to use the 25th Amendment because you're freaking crazy man."
My young son uses laptops to have little war games, right? Like all of the kids. He's running, but they didn't even know where he was. What happened to him? But until then, Republicans have to win. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction damage to our country as Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done.
Or the ones that had us down four or five points in Florida, and we won by many points. Or had us even and down in Texas, and we won by a lot. Not those pollsters, but real pollsters. Pollsters that are fair and honest said we can't understand a thing like this. It's never happened before. You led the country to victory, and you were the only one that was lost.
Don't we agree? I mean, what are you going to do stand there? You can't do it. You have to, you have to hit him back, and you hit him hard enough all of a sudden they collapse. We think of it. Think of it. Every person, we started off with 17. Now we're down to a few and certainly, a couple of getting out very soon.
But they told -- the Border Patrol people are incredible, what they put up with from these incompetent lunatics that don't even talk to them. They said we have, as of last week this year, 169 countries represented by people coming illegally into our country. Most people don't even know you have that many countries.
Never ever. [Booing]
They're using gas and explained how you can't capture it. He said what we want is brine. Now, brine is water with salt in it. OK? And the tubing isn't copper, that costs a fortune, it's rubber. So we put the tubing down, and then I'll never forget, the surface is so massive. We had cement mixers backed up all the way to Harlem.
And all of that stuff, but look at what China has done to the world. Forget us, it's us and Europe and the world. Look at -- When you see Europe is draconian and shut downs, and they're shutting and they're searching. This is all -- It all came out of China and they coulda stopped it. They stopped it from going to the rest of the China.
Unbelievable. So under the Trump Doctrine, it doesn't work that way. It's fellas, it's fellas, we love you very much. You want to sell to us build your plant in Alabama build your plant in Nevada Bill get plant. Whatever the hell you wanted, but you're not bringing it all your crap. Including Errata sheet rock. That's making everybody sick.
I mean we have to give them a break. But it did come out awfully loud and clear, I -- I don't know. Hey look, hopefully it won't matter, OK? Hopefully it's not gonna matter because she's not gonna get [Inaudible] . [Applause]  But what I told -- what I told the folks before, we were over at Peterbilt the plant, incredible.
Then when she was interviewed by the FBI, she claims she couldn't remember important events, 39 times. She couldn't even remember whether she was trained or handling classified information. Didn't remember anything about it. So if she really didn't remember, that's a problem. And if she did remember, that's a problem.
You know what catch and release is? These great men and women catch somebody, maybe a murderer, maybe a rapist, maybe a trafficker, they catch somebody, take his name, take his number and they release them into our country. And they say, "Come back in four years, you have a trial." No more. We take them out.
And, you know, in a certain way, I was thinking that if it were done the more traditional way, like if they didn't rig it and we went four and four, we would have never been able to fix the country, because what they've shown during these past four years is how bad their policies are and how they don't work.
You're all over the country, all over from the country, all over the place. And, we really appreciate you being here. Got to meet a lot of you backstage, just amazing people. All you want to do is see our country be safe and prosperous. And we want to love our country, and we want to have reason to love it.
These are great people. These are great Americans and they can't believe what's going on. This corruption and collusion is just one more reason why I will ask my attorney general to appoint a special prosecutor. Our country has never been so low. In addition to a special prosecutor to look into what happened and all of the corruption and all of the, we'll say so-called crime.
[Crowd cheering] I can tell you that. I graduated from the Wharton School of Finance, which is the best business school, in my opinion. But I graduated from the Wharton School of Finance as well as military school. Both of those educational backgrounds have come into play to shape my personal and business relationship with what I do, who I do it with.
China's 1.4 billion people, we're 325 million, not including illegal immigrants that are in the country, frankly. And we don't even know what that number -- I said, how many do we have? We have no idea, sir. Well, I -- I have an idea. By the way, our Southern border is now stronger than it's ever been. But we have 325 million, 330 million people, but for years, I heard that China will overtake us as the world's largest economy in the year 2019. You've all heard it, I think, right?
She said, no, no, no. And then my wife said, that's right. Be very nice. I said, I can't. And I was nice in the last debate. Now I have to say this, it was by far the most boring debate, but we won that debate. But I was nice. I was proud of myself. I walked off the stage. I said, was that good? But I was bored.
You know, you put it out. Hey, three minutes later, I get a call, like, my phone goes crazy, "Sir, did you just say that President Obama spied in your campaign?" "Yeah. What's the big deal?" "Sir, the wires are burning up." I said, "Really? After Covfefe, it was the single biggest tweet I ever did. Covfefe was bigger, but after Covfefe, which was world's No. 1, it was the biggest tweet I ever did.
So have I; I became President -- would you think. [Laughs] Under the previous administration, our leaders rejected American energy and they rejected ethanol. They imposed radical restrictions on our farmers and ethanol producers. And they refused to even allow talk of E15 during the busiest driving months of the year.
So when I came here originally, West Virginia, frankly, was down and out. It was not doing exactly well, one of the last. Do you know that a few months ago, it hit where West Virginia on a per capita basis is one of the most successful GDP states in our union? So we went from being down and out. You're one of the most successful in the union, very close to the top.
I want to protect our citizens -- all of our citizens.
As part of our plan to bring back jobs we're going to show and create lower taxes on American business from 35% down to 15%.
And Mexico and Canada now want to renegotiate the deal. So the United States says, "We'll love to meet with you anytime." And they will do that. Yet we got screwed for many, many decades with that horrible deal that we had to live with. Nobody said let's renegotiate it. But we renegotiated. We got a great deal at USMCA.
That's what you do. I said to somebody today in environmental protection, how many people do that in the country? Sir, maybe none. They throw it into the garbage can. But I'm also approving new dishwashers that give you more water, so you can actually wash and rinse your dishes without having to do it ten times, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
You're not supposed to say a woman's beautiful anymore. That's, like, politically totally unacceptable, but you are beautiful. So, let me ask you, what number is this? How many rallies have you gone to?
To protect our citizens from foreign threats, I will build a state-of-the-art missile defense shield. I want that so badly. You know Israel has one, and it works, the technology. You know, Ronald Reagan wanted it, but we really didn't have technology then, and we didn't have technology that worked. Now, we have incredible technology.
They don't like me, I don't like them either, by the way. Although actually, I do like the new owner. This year, I got beaten out by Greta. You know Greta? [Audience Boos] Last year, I got beaten out, I think, I've I've won it, but when the world evolves around all of us, we should be chosen. There's nothing wrong with it, right?
You had people that would steal, they'd rob. You'd catch them, you couldn't fire them. And I had what's called the V.A. Accountability Act. Nobody thought I could get it through -- nobody -- because of the unions. Hey, I understand -- and because of civil service, which is very powerful.
And you know I just left a certain little thing where I was watching our president talking. Boy. He does not get it. He doesn't get it. And you know you hear the term radical Islamic terrorism. He won't say it. He won't say it. And you can't solve a problem if you refuse to talk about what the problem is. And he won't talk about it. He's -- I don't know what's going on with this man.
And he can't cancel that. And I say, boy, and I'm not referring to that. Many of the meetings I'd have and I'd say "That's a little risky." Right? that's a little risky. And then one day you get it and that's okay. You get better. We have such great, I think, cures. Regeneron, I mean, to me that was like a cure.
We will make them pay a 35-percent tax on those products coming in. Now, you know what's going to happen, right? They're not leaving. They won't leave. And if they do, we're going to make a lot of money. They're going to pay a lot of tax but they won't leave. They won't leave. A Trump administration will renegotiate NAFTA, and if we don't get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA, and get a much, much, much better deal for our workers.
We don't want wars. But the only way you don't have wars. If you have a military, that's what we're doing we're in the process of building the strongest military we've ever had by far. The new platform of the Democrat Party. You notice I say Democrat Party? I hate the way it sounds that's why I say it because it's really their name, you know.
They were okay. I mean, they understand what happened. They're okay." "No, they're not, Sir. When that plane pulls up, Sir, that big unbelievable, powerful," just like you saw three days ago with the bodies dropping off the sides. How desperate are people to leave when you're hanging, clinging to a plane that goes up thousands of feet and you eventually have to let go, how desperate is that?
But you have some very bad people. You take a look at some of the gangs in L.A., rough gangs, these are rough dudes. If I get elected, if I become president those people are out of here, those guys are gone, and fast. I mean gone. Applause] They are coming back and we're going to put them where they came from. We're not going to put them in our prisons and take care of them for 45 years. Not going to happen that way. It's not going to happen that way.
On trade. America First means the American worker will have his or her job protected from unfair foreign competition. What's happening there is absolutely a disgrace. No PPP. You're right about that. So -- and you mean no PP.
The bottom line is that the only reason the killer was in America in the first place was because we allowed his family to come here.
So we don't need it. Bureaucrats that make a lot of money, by the way.
And you know what happened? They announced last week they're not building the plant because of Trump. I saved Michigan. I saved Detroit. They're not those -- the biggest plant in the world -- the biggest auto plant in the world, and they announced they're not going to build now. They say, "That guy is crazy."
This will be obliteration. We have a man who is incompetent. He was incompetent 25 years ago. Everybody knew that. I will stop the disaster known as Bidenomics, which means inflation, taxation, submission, and failure. That's what it means. To save Iowa farmers and Iowa ethanol, I will cancel Joe Biden's preposterous electric vehicle mandate.
It's a shame. But from the moment Kamala got to the White House, she and crooked Joe took over historic successes and turned them into unprecedented failure and peril. You know that. Harris restored funding to the Palestinian organizations immediately, giving them billions and billions of dollars. And much of that money went directly to Hamas.
By 10:00 in the evening, the election was over, and the person that lost didn't go around complaining. It's onto the next one. I'd much rather do that, but that would be the worst thing that could happen to our country because we have to have honest elections, and we have to have borders or we don't have a country.
Yeah. Mental health is a big thing because we're going to save the Second Amendment. The Second Amendment cannot be touched. And frankly, mental health is such a big thing because it is a mental health thing. Go ahead.
And there's -- all of that's good, but you know what, not the same. Does that make sense to you? It doesn't mean what it would have meant had they not put us through. Because they stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from going to the rest of the world, including our country, Europe, the rest of the world.
That she's so brave. I've -- I've never seen a turnaround like this. Three weeks ago, four weeks ago, she was the worst politician in America. Now, they say, "Isn't it amazing? Look at her, she's so beautiful. She's so magnificent." She has a crowd of 1,000 people the other day, and the fake news -- and they worked hard to get that crowd.
We're running a great campaign. You know, we're getting great credit. They're saying this is the best campaign Trump's ever run. That's pretty good, you know? So they're doing a good job. But my people in the back said, "Sir, please don't hit him, sir." Why? "He's a Republican." I said, I don't care. And we hit him.
Last night in Florida, we had forty five thousand people. No problem. Everybody's in love. Everybody loves our country. It's a beautiful thing. I'm telling you this. There's a lot of unity. We just don't complain. You know, we don't complain. We just go out and do what we have to do. But, you know, when we were having that incredible run, we were doing the best and now we're almost at that same point that we'll be there soon.
You know it's going to happen, November 4th they'll open it up, you know that. They're doing it, they want to keep the numbers as bad as possible. Here's the problem. The numbers are going to come out just before the election. So we have November 3rd, the numbers are going to come out and Pennsylvania Pennsylvania's a late voting state.
Many of the gun dealers are in this room and they came up to me backstage, a couple of them I met. I said I was so honored to be called critical. I was critical. He was critical. I've never been called critical in my life. You give me this powerful, this powerful designation. But we did that and it really worked.
You have mental institutions. They say, "Sir, please don't use the words insane asylum," because that's Silence of the Lambs stuff. That's big stuff. "Mental institution, sir, is nicer." I said, no, I think I'll mention both, mental institutions and then times 10 insane asylum. They're all being dropped.
That means getting rid of job killing EPA regulations that are unnecessary. So many unnecessary. We're going to put the miners right here in Colorado back to work. We're going to put them back to work. Who's a miner? Raise your hand. You. You don't look like a miner. A lot of miners. All right. Get ready to go to work.
We go to museums and take parts out of planes. This is what we're using to fight. This is the United States of America. This is what we're using.
How often do you see it where a product is really defective? Or where it poisons you kids. I mean, you see or -- they just send the stuff in. When you want to do business with China, folks. It's them impossible. When you want to get your product -- I have friends that are manufacturers. They can't get their product into China.
[Audience calls out No] You're going to send Matt Bevin to see Rand Paul and Mitch McConnell, and they're going to all come to the Oval Office to see me, and they're going to say, Mr. President, we can't do it anymore. Kentucky is winning too much. They can't do it. They don't like it. They don't want to do it anymore.
And, as President Roosevelt said, the Nazis built a fortress around Europe, "but forgot to put a roof on it." So we crushed them all from the air. One hundred and seventy-seven Liberator Bombers flew dangerously low, through broad daylight without fighter protection, to cripple the Nazi war machine at Ploieti. More than 300 airmen gave their lives to destroy the enemy oil refineries.
[Inaudible]
And it has for 50 years, right? So we're gonna go back. Seriously, fellas, I wanna make that change. I'm gonna do an executive order. I'm not gonna let them continue to do this now. They're trying to make it work. They're trying so hard and they have something that's perfect. So we're gonna go back on that and the magnets, thank you very much.
Only Palm Beach has houses for $41 million. What can I tell you? I bought a house in bankruptcy court, and I was willing to go a lot higher for $41 million and sold it a fairly short time later for almost $100 million. Now, isn't that the kind of thinking that this country needs. Making good deals? Making good deals is how a country thrives.
You don't have to do that because you're getting fleeced. It's all Green New Deal stuff. It's nonsense, and it's going to destroy our country. And inflation is going to be a big problem. We can't let it happen. Despite the pleading and begging of the outsourcers and globalists, I took on China like no president had ever done before.
These are truly great heroes. Also today, I was thrilled to announce that Ambassador R. James Woolsey, former head of the CIA, one of the most respected people anywhere in our government, is now a senior advisor to our campaign. This is one of the most respected people.
They take all those jobs and -- [Technical difficulties] Charles O. Finley, the great Charles O Finley right? The Oakland A's. He had the lowest payroll in baseball. The lowest payroll and he won the World Series three times. He had Reggie Jackson sold him to the Yankees. He had Catfish Hunter sold him to the Yankees.
And Joe's making it too, by the way. Joe's making it too. 10%. We've got to give 10% to the big guy. Oh, what does that mean? Tell us. What is 10% to the big guy mean? Explain that. That's why Joe has got the -- That's why Joe has the lid on. The Biden tax hikes will also reimpose Obamacare's individual mandate penalty, which I ended.
They're coming back, back, back. [Applause] You know, in the state of Michigan, which has just been like an exit pool where car companies have left. I told them, you know what, you want to start leaving, you want to fire all these people? You watch what we're going to be doing. You watch what we're going to be doing. Not going to be too long.
All of them, law enforcement offices. We've seen the horrors that happened when our laws are not enforced. For example, in the sanctuary state of California, Air Force veteran Marilyn Farris was viciously raped, murdered, and beaten to death with a hammer by an illegal alien with a long criminal history who should have never been in our country, including an arrest just a week before he killed Marilyn.
In fact, much more expensive. [Audience Boos] My contract with the American voter, outlines a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. And I'm asking for your vote so we can save health care for every family in your state and in this country. Real change also means getting rid of the corruption in Washington.
She's unbelievable as your governor. Her name is Kari Lake. Arizona could not ask -- [Audience chants "Kari"]
Very important. You're going to be hopefully very proud of your president. [Applause]
Wow, what a group. This is great. You know, I've turned down many of these over the last couple of months. The -- they want me to do the little speech for the conventions and I love doing it, but I really love North Carolina. And I have to tell you, I'm different from your average speaker because I really back up my words.
Fifty eight percent of African American youth are not employed. How sad is that? American households are earning $4,000 less -- listen to this one, today -- than they were 16 years ago. Many workers are earning less than 1970 in real dollars.
Do you understand what I mean? Because maybe there is no again, we're going to make it great for you and great for everybody. And that's important. Our country has gone through hell, and in many cases, our country is in hell right now. And we're going to turn it around. We're going to turn it around fast for everybody.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Uncle Sam. There's Uncle Sam, everybody. Uncle Sam, thank you. Now, our country is being totally destroyed. There's been such destruction, it's not even believable. And, you know, you see it every day, practically every day. It's all promises. It's all things that they never had any intention of keeping.
Over the past two years, our nation has paid a horrifically bloody price for the Democrats' defund the police rhetoric and their weak on-crime policies. We have paid a big price. In every city where the left attacked the police, slashing funding, or hired radical prosecutors, violent crime has skyrocketed.
And three months ago in Operation Midnight Hammer, seven American B-2 bombers dropped the 14 30,000-pound each bombs on Iran's key nuclear facility, totally obliterating everything. No other country on earth could have done what we did. No other country has the equipment to do what we did. We have the greatest weapons on Earth.
It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. You'd almost think they hate our country. Kamala Harris surrendered our energy independence, spent hundreds of billions of dollars on the Green New Scam. She's trying to take away gas stoves and heaters. She's vowed repeatedly that we will ban fracking. "We will always ban fracking."
And then, they look over and they see this huge -- it was Wilt Chamberlain, but slightly bigger. And she says, "Well, look at the size of this person, I don't recognize the person from California, from the California swim groups that I participated in for 10 years before I got to the Olympic trials." And this person blew them away.
Yes. Move it. Take care of the person. OK. Good. You OK? That's good. That's good. That's good. You take your time. We have plenty of time tonight. Right? Plenty of time. Don't forget I know you get here 7-8 hours ago. It's not easy. It's not easy for these folks with those really good prime locations. Thank you very much.
But by the time he figured out about the crime and everything else, the next day he was great and they really, they were very nice. But I was just saying this could only happen to me, with a pope 10 hours before an election comes out with something. So we're going to make our military strong. We're going to knock the hell out of ISIS, folks.
You just -- he said -- I said, "I think I will." I made a speech up there at a place. I said, "No, he's not going to win Wisconsin." But here's the deal -- remember this? He said, "Here's the deal. If I think you're going to win, I'll call you back. Otherwise, don't waste your time. Go to Pennsylvania, go to other places that you have to win," which I appreciate.
He sends me pictures of cranes on every corner." I mean, everybody going crazy. There's nothing like it, and I could name so many other places. It's not happening with us. It's not happening. It's the opposite with us. Everything's leaving. Everybody's laughing at us because we're led by people that don't have it and it's not going to happen any longer.
And I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are found -- we are going to just do this. We're going to do this so -- at the level that we have never done it before. Because we're putting America first, and we're going to help others.
I don't know for how long. Some people say for life, some people say for four months. I mean every time I think about it, every time I hear that we get shorter and shorter and shorter that because they want it to be as bad as possible. But it's, uh -- it is a great feeling. I want to thank, by the way, the Walter Reed Medical Hospital, Johns Hopkins, these guys are incredible.
And then you think I'm going to lose. So, I said to the fake news back there, I said, "I got the farmers 28 billion. Do you think they're going to vote against me? I don't think so. I don't think so." When this battle is over, I'll be back in the White House and the Bidens will have to justify all of the corruption that they've done.
These are unthinkable numbers, 5%, 6%, 7%, 8%, and even 9%. And then he tried to blame me last week, and even the fake news stuck up for me. He said, "When I inherited the country, inflation was at 9%." That was just another one of the Biden lies. Inflation was at 1.4%. And thank you very much, fake news, for sticking up. They lie so much.
We have all night. This happened last night in Minnesota. You know I have these teleprompter people, they're great, they're genius, and I was about 45 minutes into the speech and I realized I was only on line two, and he was like, "What do I do?" but we have more fun. Hey, you now have a president that doesn't have to use the teleprompter.
Uncle Sam -- look, Uncle Sam is here. I love Uncle Sam. I love Uncle Sam. Look at him. It means the streets of your cities will be safe and clean. The homeless encampments will be gone. They're going to be gone. Oh, you have to see. You have to some of these encampments, what they've done to our cities, and we've got to take care of the people.
The abolishing. He never did. I'm very honest in that sense. And he did say to me, I actually asked him because it was like really strange how -- and with him, he's very, you know, a friend of mine. And he makes electric cars. And we're saying you're not going to be able to make electric cars or you're not going to be forced to make all of those cars.
I guess we had the magic wand, that's all, but again, we're putting them back, we're bringing them back. But think of your life just prior to the plague coming in. It was the best it's ever been. Your state had the best numbers they've ever had, ever had, by far, and we had the best employment numbers also.
You are in a lottery system from these countries. You pick up a name. Isn't that nice? Guess what? Do you think they are giving us their best people? No, they are not. They are giving us their worst people and so would you and so would I. Visa lottery. That's another beauty. We have nothing but bad coming out of those laws but you know the good thing about what's happening, the rush to the border, another two caravans now are pouring up. Mexico could stop them so easy and you know what?
He tru- -- I tell you what, I respect him so much. Because a lot of times, they're -- "I do not want to comment. I don't want to get involved." He said, "It was a very nice call." There was nothing there. And people that read it after we gave the transcript said it was great. I had one friend -- very smart, brilliant lawyer, from New York.
What was I thinking? We're not going to build a wall and they would have forced me to build and I would have -- Under this administration, we are also ending the endless wars. We have to do it, folks. We have to do it. We have totally defeated the ISIS caliphate and I did that in rather quick time if you remember because we have the greatest fighting machine.
We have politicians as our negotiators. We have politicians that are controlled like Hillary Clinton by her donors, her special interests and her lobbyists and they won't let her do what's right for our workers and for our country.
I mean some of these guys -- some of these guys are just brutal and terrible. Oh, look at all the people of there to, wow. What a nice group. But they all said, oh, he's never going to run. He's just doing this for fun. He's not going to do it. He -- you know, he's done it before. I did -- I almost ran four years ago.
I said man, I like that actually. I never went to - well that actually I never went to well that actually I never went to well because I love the swing and I look thin because I love the swing and I look thin because I love the swing and I look thin, well, relatively thin. Okay, but I just - well, relatively thin, okay, but I just - well, relatively thin, okay.
Patty's wonderful daughter, Rachel Morin, was a 37-year-old mom of five precious, beautiful children. Rachel lived in Maryland, 1,500 miles from the border. Last year, while Rachel was out on a run -- she wanted to always stay in good shape. Right near her home, she was brutally raped and murdered by an illegal alien who was let into the United States by the ridiculous open borders policy of Kamala.
It's almost impossible for our companies to compete. We have all the cards because if we ever did anything to stop that tremendous inflow of cash, you know, they're rebuilding their cities. They're rebuilding their airports. They're building bridges. When was the last time in this country that you saw a big bridge getting built?
Think of this. They take our money. They take our jobs and we owe them $1.6 trillion. It's like, "How does that happen?" It's magic. You know you call that? Magic for them, not for us. As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of the most dangerous and violent criminal aliens to go free because their home countries would not take them back because they were smart.
Ted's opponent, Kathy Manning, is an extreme liberal Democrat... and a donor, as they said, and a donor to the campaign of Nancy Pelosi. And she's a big fan of Maxine Waters. Maxine Waters. But I'm going to be nice tonight, so I won't say it. I won't say it. I won't say it. I'm going to be nice. I want them to say, he was so nice tonight.
The parents are the enemy. Biden is using federal law enforcement to threaten and silence citizen who oppose radical left indoctrination. To Joe Biden, the hated Taliban, our enemy for many years, killed many soldiers, we killed many of them, is an enforced upon us partner because of their weakness and their stupidity while patriotic American moms and dads are the enemy.
Believe me, I like what we have together. What we have together is special. What we have together has never been together before like it is right now in this nation's history. [Applause]
Lee Zeldin. By far the most important man in the room, Mr. Speaker. Stand up, Lee. He blows you guys away, John. He blows the politicians away. I'm sorry, right now. He -- actually he's a great politician. He almost won for governor in New York which was just missed by a few points. And that was another race that was not winnable, but you -- you almost got it. But I think what you're doing now is even bigger if you want to know the truth.
Jim, thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you, Jim. You know, they don't tell me where these people are sitting. You've got -- you've got -- this place has thousands of people. I sort of have to guess. I sort of have to guess. But we get it right. We're especially proud to be joined by the next United States senator from Florida, Governor Rick Scott.
When I'm President, we will stand shoulder to shoulder with India in sharing intelligence and keeping our people safe mutually. This is so important in the age of ISIS, the barbaric threat Hillary Clinton has unleashed onto the entire world. India is key and a key strategic ally and we don't even want to talk about it because it's nothing like the relationship that we will have.
So, I instituted what we call the Trump travel ban, and it was an amazing success. It was suspended immediately upon his coming into the country. And I never talked about this for four years. I never mentioned it. We didn't have one incident in four years because we kept bad people the hell out of our country.
My administration recently announced that we will not lift sanctions on the Cuban government until it makes fundamental reforms. We have also imposed tough calibrated sanctions on the socialist Maduro regime in venezuela, which has brought a once-thriving nation to the brink of total collapse
But a vote for Biden is a vote to completely eradicate, I mean, you will eviscerate your auto industry. It will be terrible. We can't do it. You know, we worked very hard to bring it back. I met with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, great guy. He since retired, he had a problem with health. And uh, but fantastic man.
This country, and I've said it many times, will never be a socialist country. This will never be. But you have to go out and vote. On November 3rd, we must finish the job, drain the swamp. The swamp is deeper and stronger and more vicious than ever, but we've done a hell of a job, and they cannot believe that we're in this position when, we're now leading.
So I said, "That's OK." I'm proud of my net worth. I've done an amazing job.
We can't let that happen because I know the power -- I rebuilt our entire military. I know the power of the nuclear, and we're not going to let that happen. We're not going to let stupid people negotiate for us. And the mandate, the electric -- and by the way, electric cars are great. Elon Musk endorsed us.
When you have General Patton and general -- all of our great generals and they're just right now spinning because they can't believe what's going on. They can't believe. That's gonna turn around so fast folks. Your heads will spin. We will use the revenues from energy production to rebuild our roads. It's about time.
We are a nation that is consumed by the radical left Green New Deal. Yet everyone knows that the Green New Deal will lead to our total destruction. We are a nation whose leaders are demanding all electric cars, even though they can't go far, cost too much and whose batteries are produced in China with materials only available in China when an unlimited amount of gasoline is available inexpensively in the United States, but it is not available in China.
We're really making strides, it's really a great thing, great thing. We're pursuing new advances in neonatal research to care for America's youngest patients and breaking all records. In so doing, virtually every Democrat candidate has declared their unlimited support for extreme late-term abortion ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the very moment of birth.
We are a nation that is allowing Iran to build a massive nuclear weapon and China to use the trillions and trillions of dollars it has taken from us to build a military to rival our own. And less than three years ago, we had Iran, China, Russia, and North Korea in check. They respected us. They were afraid of us. They weren't going to do a thing against us, and everyone knows it. Now, Russia and China are holding summits to carve up the world.
And this is in part of what I was going to say. But I ride down the highways and somebody makes those guardrails, you know, the guardrails, the ones that sort of go like this that are always bent, rusted, and horrible. Did you ever see more than like 20 feet which isn't corroded or bent or the heat, if it gets too hot, it just crushes, and they've been selling this thing for 25 years.
I was very proud of it, I thought it was great. Then I see, "He's endorsing sleepy Joe Biden." Biden can't get arrested, okay? Although, actually, that's turning out to be true, he can't get arrested. You've got to think about that one. "He's endorsing Joe Biden." But you know who's endorsing me? Do you know who likes me?
And what happened, I think, it was 19 months after that he came back and knocked down and attacked viciously with the lives of the World Trade Center. So in the debate which every polls that I won by the way, but these are minor details. Forget it. The second debate and the first debate, Drudge, Time Magazine, Slate.
One of the reasons I'm here right now. Charles W. Herbster. I first got to know Charles when he was one of my earliest supporters, and made him the Chair of my Agriculture Advisory committee of -- I tell you, he did a great job. He did a great job. He was so into it. He wanted to help the farmer. As a fifth generation Nebraska farmer and rancher who really knows his business, he had great careers in business and other things.
Nobody knows what that means. The percentage is incredible. Nobody knows what that means. And in the end, I expect to have the second-highest percentage of judges confirmed in the history of the United States -- more than any other President, except one -- I'll never beat this one -- percentage of judges approved.
Where's Bobby? Bobby is doing -- hi, Bobby. Oh, you gave yourself the worst seat in the house. Look, he's over by the wall. He knows how to take care of the customer, right, Bobby? Say hello to your father. His father's fantastic, too. State Representative Steve Bradley is here. Steve. Thank you very much, Steve.
There was nothing. It was gone. All the best cotton that I've ever grown. Now, I assume that's a man that knows cotton and I'm saying what does the best cotton mean? If I ever said that, they'd say, "What is he talking about?" The best cotton I've ever seen. Sounded like Trump actually. But -- but he meant this was the best crop he's ever grown and it was good and then boom, it was gone.
We would be in a very different country. The truth is, I ran twice, I won twice, and I did much better the second time. And now, we just may have to do it again. [Audience chants "USA"]
But we did everything right. He did everything wrong. And what they should do is that case should be dropped immediately by deranged Jack Smith. Did you ever hear of deranged Jack Smith? He's a prosecutor. He prosecuted a lot of people. And he loses in the end because he goes too far. He's one of those guys.
They want to eliminate our borders and totally abolish ICE. And now they want to abolish a thing called "Homeland Security." [Audience Boos]
But China is one country. $507 billion, for many years. So the beauty is this: I have $250 billion more to put tariffs on. The numbers are staggering. Billions of dollars, right now, are pouring into our Treasury. And for those of you that haven't done the research, if you look, of the 25 percent, our country -- as it's turned out, because it's now been on there for a long while.
She wants to get rid of them. She wants to take ICE out. These are the people that remove the worst criminals, the worst gang members, the worst drug dealers from out of our country. Get them the hell out of here. And she wants to get rid of him. She wants mass amnesty and citizenship for all illegals.
I mean, because they're really stupid or corrupt in a sense, they're corrupt. So here's the story. So Fox said, no way. There is no way. Now, I actually liked it because two years ago, he used to say there is no way we will allow a wall to be built. He obviously understands that's going to happen. Now he doesn't talk about that.
But the winds are blowing, and they're putting it up, and it's 30 feet high -- steel and concrete both. And you have to be able to see through it. Very expensive. It's the ultimate wall in terms of -- we went to Border Patrol. They did a study; they hired people, climbers. What's the hardest to climb? The piece on top.
You know what's amazing? We give billions and billions of dollars to these foreign countries that don't give a damn about us and we can't get a couple of bucks to farmers that got wiped out by a hurricane and we're going to take care of our farmers ... In Alabama, South Carolina, North Carolina, OK? I just put a lot of pressure on Sonny, but he can handle it, right?
Many of you are in this room right now. And they are aggressively pushing extreme late-term abortion, allowing children to be ripped from their mothers womb right up until the moment of birth. And just this week, your Democrat governor, and by the way, by the way we have Scott Walker, he's here. Great governor, he did a great job, he's a great governor.
Every last criminal gang in cartel threatening our citizens gang in cartel threatening. Our citizens gang in cartel threatening our citizens folks go to remembrance project, you'll folks go to remembrance project. You'll folks go to remembrance project. You'll see some incredible people. You'll see see some incredible people.
Increasing the number of ICE officers, who are fantastic, and Border Patrol officers so we can dismantle vile criminal gangs like, as I said, MS-13, animals. [Applause] Ensuring that new immigrants to our country are financially self- sufficient and will not be on welfare the day they come in. [Applause]
Under my leadership and with the help of Pennsylvania energy workers, we had, for the first time, American energy independence. And we were soon going to be dominant. We were going to be bigger than Russia and Saudi Arabia combined. Now Biden is begging and pleading with OPEC. But instead of increasing productions, they actually cut it back.
Thank you very much, Danica. I appreciate it. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Sage Steele, who hosted something for us the other night, and we had a lot of fun. We had a lot of fun the other night, right? Thank you, Sage. Appreciated it. We have some incredible patriots, some really brave people, actually.
If you want open schools, an open economy, and a safe, healthy, thriving country, vote for me. We're going to do it. We're doing it now. We're doing it now. We're joined today by a few of my friends. I'll tell you, this one guy, he got it right from the beginning. That's right, how did you know that? He's a warrior he's tough as hell.
We're not tough. This country is not tough. Our leaders aren't tough, our negotiators, our representatives are not tough. Secretary of State Kerry is not tough for he can [Inaudible]. [Audience shouts "Boo"] We need -- we need toughness. You know, when Jeb Bush used to say, "I don't like his tongue." My tongue.
I told every company that had sucked into it that you're not doing business with the United States of America if you go forward and allow this to be built. It was done. On day one, Biden came in, and this is the biggest economic development project. This is the most important project that Russia has. On day one -- this is the biggest money they could ever make.
I had a big lobbyist ask me to have, he want to give me $5 million for my campaign. I turned him down. I turned him down [Applause] And then I see this story on CNN last night. It was disgusting that look there's a sign, $100, somebody does a sign, it was actually a beautiful sign if you want to know the truth, it's so beautiful.
We will make America safe again.
And, you know, it's incredible. Now, the way they talk is so disgusting and just -- just horrible, the way they talk. And they -- they don't mean it even. They just want to do -- you know, they think that they can say -- they've called me everything from a mad genius looking to take over the world to a very, very stupid person.
The menacing specter of left-wing repression has been growing steadily for years and years. It's been growing. And we were stopping it very powerfully for four years, and now it's picked up at a level that nobody's ever seen before. First, they slandered Americans of faith as haters and bigots. Then they corrupted the media.
I think it's a negative if you want -- but I have guys like Carl Icahn, who is a great business guy. I mean, that's -- those are the endorsements we need. And those guys have to go and put their genius to work and show us how great they are. Nobody can beat our business people. We have the greatest in the world, but we don't use them.
Well, I appreciate what you're saying. I understand what you're saying, too. It's been a terrible thing in so many ways. The only thing -- the great gratitude I get. I'm looking at polls now where we're 50 points, 60 points up, you know, among all these people, and we're beating Biden in all these polls and we're beating everybody.
They're building the biggest auto plants anywhere in the world right now in Mexico, fairly close to the border. And let me tell you. Those cars aren't coming into this country, unless they pay a massive tariff, because we want those plants built in our country, not in that country. We're going to bring back the auto industry to Michigan.
You would have them back within 24 hours. I guarantee you that. But we didn't do it. We never left any meeting. I kept waiting for the whole delegation. I kept waiting for them to leave. To get up and leave. I used to say, get up and leave. Perfect. Get up. We didn't win anything.
Say something to them.
That means parents won't have enough money to pay their bills or get medicine for their kids. In the great state of Arizona, a wonderful place I just left, premiums will go up even higher than 116 percent. Other states are going up more than 60, 70, 80, 90 percent. Deductibles can go to $12,000, $13,000, $14,000, even $15,000. In other words, your health care won't even be usable. You're paying all this money, you won't even get to use it.
So we'll see what happens and we would like to give additional money to people. We would like to -- It wasn't their fault that they got hit by China but you know what? We want to give them additional money and we'll take care of -- Again, the Post Office has been a disaster for many, many decades. We want to strengthen the Post Office, make it good.
They've taken so much money out of our country. We've rebuilt. You have to see the airports, the roadways, the tunnels and we have stuff it's all falling down, our infrastructure is a mess. As part of our plan for bold change to make your life better, we will also rebuild our massively depleted infrastructure.
You've been watching that the last week. Indiana, Michigan, Tennessee, Pennsylvania -- so many states, such potential. Such potential for growth. Two months ago, I traveled to Beaver County, not far from us today -- where Shell -- anybody here from Shell? Shell? Where Shell is making the largest investment in Pennsylvania's history.
And now since then, I don't know if you know, we have two more hostages right now. Why wouldn't they? We have two more hostages right now who were fairly recently grabbed, and they're in Iran. And I guess, what are we going to do with that one, right? So they do $400 million, gets flown at night into Iran. I think it's so sad and so disgusting.
And everybody says, "Oh, man. Why didn't I think of that?" Right? It's like deductibility. It's going to be incredible because you'll sell a lot more cars, and we're going to protect our car businesses then. We're going to protect them. Made in the USA, and we don't have to go through it. Made in the USA, and we're going to protect them with tariffs.
We're going to change.
And the miners and the steel workers and the executives and the professors, we've got them all. We have to get out there. We have to vote. We can't sit back because this is a really vital state. And you're going to see because she's got a billion dollars to blow and she'll put on these crazy ads, much of which is wrong. I'd go into it, but I don't want to even bother. But they're wrong. They're false.
That's it. I think it's her greatest achievement. I think when they look back on Hillary Clinton, they will say, the greatest achievement of Hillary Clinton was getting out of this problem with emails. Nobody could have got -- Houdini couldn't have gotten out.
That's because of what they've done with inflation. They took -- you know, I had no inflation. We had no inflation. We had no inflation. We went from essentially no inflation to the highest inflation in the history of our country. [Audience boos] And then they say they're going to vote for these fools.
This will not be my campaign. This will be our campaign altogether. Because the only force strong enough to defeat the massive corruption we are up against is you, the American people. It's true. The American people, the greatest people on earth. We love them all and we love both sides. We're going to bring people together.
We made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world and the best is yet to come. It's coming [Inaudible]. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. That's happening now. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.
A lot of people are saying that. That's even showing up. I have the most dedicated people. I have the best people. I have the best people. I have the best people. And they get it. But a lot of people. A lot of people don't like strong borders. They don't want the wall. We going to have the wall, folks. We going to have the wall.
So much money was coming in from foreign countries that they didn't know how to spend it. They had no idea. So, they set up a committee. We'll set one up with the people in this room. How do we distribute the wealth that we have? And Roosevelt built dams and built railroads and did national parks, but he did it with the money that was made with tariffs from McKinley.
Is the VA not doing the job?
Everybody in Texas is incredible. But our heart breaks for those courageous officers that we've just lost. We send our prayers. We send our everlasting love to their families. We ask God to help our wounded heroes make a swift and full recovery. Together, we will always back our great men and women in blue, won't we, huh?
They have plenty of land, that I can tell you. But in Syria, there's plenty of money, because you look at the Gulf states, you like at the kind of money they have, there's nobody seen money like that. And they're not doing anything.
This danger is not fit to lead our country. Americans watching this address tonight. Americans watching this address tonight, Americans watching this address tonight have seen the recent images of violence have seen. The recent images of violence have seen the recent images of violence in our streets and the chaos in our - in our streets and the chaos in our - in our streets and the chaos in our communities.
And ensure that every American can live in safety and peace. And yet, with all that you see, we've had one of the best years of crime prevention that we've ever had. Wouldn't seem that way, but it is one of the best years, because those gentlemen that we just saw, law enforcement, they do a great job. And you've been reading about this a lot lately.
The truth is, we're so lucky to have it. And everywhere the Republican Party has a chance, we must pass critical election integrity reforms, including universal voter ID. They don't want voter ID. I wonder why they don't want, Uncle Sam. I wonder why they don't want voter ID. I just can't imagine. Perhaps, it's because they want to cheat.
They do things, and they talk, and they shout, but these guys are actually -- and the interesting thing, in their country if they ever did that, they'd be dead within seconds. They'd be dead. I know where they come from. I know the people that run those countries. I know the presidents and the dictators.
We don't even have any idea where it's going. And we owe -- we owe $20 trillion, right? We owe $20 trillion. We're giving money away like it's water clean water. I want to have clean water, crystal clean water. I want to have beautiful beautiful clean air and I want to have safety. That's what I want. And then I want to rebuild the infrastructure of this country and put people back to work also.
If companies don't want to pay a tariff, I have one simple solution: come make your product in America, come make your product in New Hampshire, zero tolerance, zero, zero, zero. Together, we're restoring this nation's industrial might and we are doing it with American iron, American aluminum and American steel.
We can invest in workforce development, job training, and open new vocational schools, because we want every American to be able to reach their full God-given potential. Vocational schools -- today you have community colleges and you have all of the -- when I was growing up, we had vocational schools.
Wow, what a group. What a group this is. There's the great Steve Wynn. Hi, Steve. Hello everybody. What a group of good friends. We're going to bring this place back, it's not so good, I will tell you. I thought it was going to be this beautiful -- I hadn't been there in a while. I said this is going to be beautiful.
Dr. Oz, I've known him a long time. His show is great. He's on that screen. He's in the bedrooms of all those women telling them good and bad and they love him. He came into a place where we had a lot of women sitting there waiting for something unrelated. They started going crazy. Is that Dr. Oz? That's Dr. Oz. But he's taking a lot of horrible, unfair and untrue shots.
Watch what happens, if we do our jobs, how the number of drug users and the addicted will start to tumble downward over a period of years. It will be a beautiful thing to see.
I pick up. I said hello. He goes, "Trump, this is Bobby Knight, and you got to run for president. Our country needs you." And I said that's Bobby Knight. That's Bobby Knight. Right? That's Bobby Knight.
I'm going to fight for every community whose jobs and factories have turned into dust. And those jobs and factories are not with us any more. They're in other countries, making everybody rich but us. [Applause]
She and Bill received a total of $150 million in speaking fees from special interests since Bill left office. It's all part of the rigged system being run at your expense. The same groups paying Bill and Hillary for their speeches were lobbying the federal government.
China was going to catch us in 2019. Guess what? We were going so far ahead, and frankly, if you have somebody smart, real smart in this position, they'll never catch you. They will never, ever catch you. But if you study the history, you'll see 10 years ago, 2019, they will catch, and they would have. If I didn't come along, they would have caught you.
And I will secure our elections because our elections, if you don't have great, free, fair elections and you don't have borders, you don't have a country. And right now, we don't have much of a country. We're laughed at all over the world. Our goal will be one-day voting with paper ballots and voter ID. It's very simple.
But you know what? It's one of the most important, especially because this turns the court. They had a whole thing, most important thing in 50 years. And CNN and MSDNC didn't cover, they didn't cover, they wouldn't cover. They just couldn't, even though the ratings go through the roof. 60 Minutes had very good ratings the other night.
I hate to say it. Some of those people are people that we do not want. And some of those people I would love to have, because we need them, but they have to apply. As we speak, the Democrat -- not the Democratic -- the Democrat -- I hate saying it. You know, it so -- that doesn't flow right. I say the Democrat Party, and I always say it, because it's the right thing.
Thank you, sir, for getting the Starlink. I said, "I haven't even finished my conversation." Now, think of that. [Applause] I said -- I said, "Elon, I haven't even finished my conversation, and they're already saying you sent..." "That's right. I did that. I do two things at one time. I can do that."
So, I'm not sure if I'm going to be sending anybody to this school. I'm not happy about it. If they're going to stand in the way of admitting people to our rally, just imagine what they're going to do on Election Day. We're not going to let that happen. Ninety-four days from now, we're going to win the great state of Georgia in an epic landscape.
We defend them and we then get ripped off on trade. You know, that was the story. Let's defend them. And let's also get ripped off on trade. But we were in the process of really stopping that and stopping it in a very big way. I also won our farmers gigantic concessions from South Korea, Argentina, Brazil, Guatemala, Tunisia, Ecuador, Morocco, and many other countries, all of whom were ripping us off and ripping off our farmers and our manufacturers at levels never seen before.
I said to Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture. Great guy. Loves -- he knows more about farms. I said Sonny, what's the number? He said, two years ago, sir, $12 billion they hit us for and last year $16 billion. I said that's OK, we're going to put a 25% tariff. The farmers are going to get $12 billion and then they're going to get $16 billion, OK.
You lose your factories, the companies leave and you get nothing." Why are they -- I asked that a long time ago and we've stopped it. We've stopped it. Do you see that? And we just made the USMCA -- we're getting rid of NAFTA, which I think is the worst trade deal ever and it's very exciting. It's a great deal.
No, no, Mexico is paying for it. They know that, but they don't like to say it. No, we're doing some incredible things. This is the most important election in the history of our country, and I used to -- Even to three months ago, I said, well, you know this is like very important, but 2016 was important, this is more important.
We want to be nice. I'm sorry. We don't want people that want to hurt our people, that want to hurt our country. I think that's okay. It will include funding for unlimited numbers of unvetted African nationals to be brought to America and given free welfare and government benefits courtesy of you, the people of Iowa and the American taxpayer.
And one wife was saying, "Sir, I always thought my husband was a financial loser, a total loser." He was this big good-looking policemen actually. And she said, "He's never been good with money, but over the years, over the last few years, I think he was up 89%." I said, "That's not as good as most people." She said, "No, no.
What's happening in Paris is unbelievable and I'm not talking about the attack. I'm talking very simply about Paris is not the same place. It's not the same place. And we better get smart. We allowed two people -- we allowed, right?  We better get smart now. We got to get smart about and you know I've taken the attack.
I also withdrew the United States from the absolutely horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal. What an impact that's had. You know, when I first became President, the first week, I met with our great military people and we went over problems. One of the biggest problems was there and they were all over. Iran was all over the place they were over -- I've never seen anything like it, 14 different conflict zones, Yemen, Syria, all over, and small battles.
You can't let this happen. Every day, you defend our values and you never yield. And you never will yield to the radical left. That's why you are the ones who are going to take back America. You are the ones who are going to make America great again. From the earliest days of our republic, every generation has been called to defend America.
But we need steel. And I would not approve U.S. steel being bought by Japan. I wouldn't do it just out of -- psychologically, not good. We'll help them out, but we don't -- I don't like it. We're seeing historic levels of support among our Black population, Hispanic population, and our Asian population, Jews, Muslims.
It's something that obviously is going to have to be looked at. It is so horrible what's happening to our country. We need a full accounting of all of the illegitimate turnout efforts, illegal drop boxes, and ballot harvesting that's taken place. You know, we had drop boxes, 97% for Joe Biden because he campaigned so hard from his basement, 3% for Trump, 3%. They gave me 3%. At least they gave me something because I think they had a couple where he actually got 100%, thousands of votes.
We're going to work on that so that they can get, ideally, unaddicted. We got to get them off it. But we've got to seal it up. We've got to stop it. And I made the promise to them. And that's a promise to the country. That's a promise to the country. Some places don't have it as bad as that. But it's a promise to the country.
If he does it, it's fine. It's just incredible, the way we have a two-tier system of government. We're going to have to change it. And remember, you know, they have to be careful because this can boomerang, too. You know, we could have done some really terrible things, and it's very bad for our country. They've opened a Pandora's box, which is very, very bad and very dangerous for our country.
Interior enforcement has been shut down. Everyone is overstaying their visas. Nobody even thinks about reporting it anymore. My wonderful travel ban is gone. I had a travel ban. It was so wonderful. Refugee numbers are through the roof and spies and terrorists are infiltrating our country totally unchecked like never before.
And now I talk about protection. I talk about -- trust me. The trade. Oh, that's so easy for me. I got the greatest guys in the world. They're going to come and they're gonna do a great job. I'm going to do some myself. I always talk about forward.
Come in." And they heard that, and they all started walking up. And I said, "You can't come in. You'll be stopped." And we have 28,000 Mexican soldiers that are there.
It was an amazing -- we don't play games, Newt, right? We don't play games.
They're killing each other for many, many years. For decades and decades, they're killing each other. Two countries, they're killing each other. I said, "So we're doing a deal with them, deal with them. Wh -- what are we doing? I'm not doing any deals unless they get together. They gotta get together. What do we want to have people kill each other for?" We made a deal like in about 15 minutes.
But if you want to go to church, you can't do it. If you want to be in a group of people, you can't do it. But you know, there's a lot of harm done on the other side, there's a lot of tremendous harm done. Remember the cure, it can't be worse. Remember that. And on the other side, drugs, suicide, depression, substance abuse of different kinds, heart disease, you have tremendous problems on the other side.
And if I win, the people that are in are going out, they're going out. I'm sorry. They're going out. You see what can happen with two young people. She may have radicalized him. Nobody knows. But she came in. They got married and they killed 14 people. This is two people. And these are not fighting people.
The press goes crazy when I say it. But they asked him, "What's the problem? The world is blowing up. What's the problem? What can we do about it?" He said, "The best single thing that you can do about it is get Trump to be the president of the United States again. When we had Trump, there were no problems." He used the word I don't like using because I can't say it myself.
They said he's much bigger than anyone ever understood. And I've got rave ever understood and I've got rave ever understood and I've got rave reviews on it from a financial reviews on it, from a financial reviews on it from a financial standpoint. And I say it not in a standpoint, and I say it not in a standpoint and I say it not in a braggadocious way.
Did you see any change in her face?
It's there. And the nice part about me, I only use the teleprompter. I think they say it averages about 9%. Wouldn't it be nice if you had a guy that didn't really need the teleprompter? Isn't that nice though? Isn't that nice? But the dangerous thing I have, Al and Steve, is when I joke a little bit. We got to joke, the country's in such trouble.
But me, I got to go through a trial, and I had a thing called the Presidential Records Act. I did absolutely nothing wrong. But we -- I don't know -- I don't like -- I wouldn't have liked that -- that verdict. You cannot defend yourself in court because you're grossly incompetent, you don't -- you don't have any memory, you're a disaster, but you can be president of the United States.
And we were able to do that. After 53 years, we were able to do that. And now you'll see it. Look, some people will be very happy. Some people won't be as happy, but time will make this. It's really been incredible. And some of the decisions -- Frankly, there are some very conservative states that voted a very much more liberal policy than anybody would've thought.
They said, "Make it 750." Now that's a long way short of four and a half billion that we're losing, but I should make it 750. Anyway, we agreed to a number around 500 million. It was one phone call that lasted for 10 minutes and once they got over the shock of being -- they have plenty of money. And now the two months is up, and I just told my people call them and ask for the rest of it, OK? But we have many countries like that, I mean, we have many countries like that.
And it's happening, and it's happening fast. I see all those red hats and white hats. It's all happening very fast. It's called "Make America Great Again." You see what's going on. It's coming back, very fast. We want every child to succeed, every community to prosper and every struggling American to have a chance for a better life.
But it can go fairly quickly perhaps, but there are many negotiations going on right now that wouldn't be going. I gave you the power to negotiate at a very high level. And I also have, I think, shown very conclusively that they're the radicals. We're not the radicals, they are the radicals. So, it's very important, and it's very important that it be handled properly.
You know, did you hear? Two weeks ago, a small section, like twice the size of this stage, we were putting it up and they're pouring the concrete, and you know, it's like, a lot of it's -- it's Mexico, it's very rough territory. Some of it is partially desert, we were in a rough area, very windy. And we had a tremendous sand and windstorm, so we hadn't put it in, we put it in and it was just getting set and we got hit with like a tornado of wind and it blew it down and the fake news said, "Trump's wall fell down, it was blown." But see, at least, we have a voice where we can explain, that's true.
One of the greatest betrayals has been the issue of immigration. Illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African Americans. That's what's been happening. [Applause]
I told China, "If you buy oil from Iran, we're not doing business." I told that to India. I told it to every country, "You buy oil -- " And they were broke. They weren't paying to Hamas, they weren't paying to Hezbollah, they weren't paying to anybody. They were broke. And they would've had a deal and they would've been happy with it. I would've been happy.
Honestly, think of that number. I really think that's hard for the Democrats to beat. I mean, think of that statement: I got the lowest number for you in the history of our country. How do you top that?
And they used that money to pay. So, then she said, "No, no, uh, I didn't pay for, uh -- I paid cash. That's right, I paid cash." Now she's got a real problem 'cause now they're saying, "Where'd you get the cash?" But they don't go after the Democrats. They only go after the Republicans. Think of it, she said she paid cash.
You're coming back here. Thank you, Bob. And we have a friend of mine who's an incredibly respected man in the United States Senate. When he speaks, we all listen, including the president. He really is. He's a great, great guy. He's loved in Ohio. Senator Rob Portman. Where is he? Thank you. He's a respected guy.
Thank you very much. That's very nice. I appreciate it. Am I allowed to cry like Adam Kinzinger? I still haven't figured out if his crying is real. It's hard to believe it's real. Would anybody like me to run for president? [Audience responds affirmatively]hoo! That's very nice. Thank you very much. Wow.
I don't know, I really don't. But somebody is really screwing up our country. They're destroying our country. In Del Rio, Texas, you've been watching tens of thousands of illegal immigrants have overrun our borders in recent days while laughing in the faces of our Border Patrol agents, and they're going after the riders of the horses, not the people that came in illegally.
Yeah, some of them go into the garbage. Yeah, especially if they're Republicans. They put them right into the garbage. No, it's a shame. You'll never have an honest election with a mail-in ballot. Remember that. You'll never. Jimmy Carter said it. They formed the Carter Commission, and he was there with a couple of other respected senators, older senators.
They're going to vote Democrat. And that could be the swing. That's how disgusting and dishonest our political system is, all right? It's dishonest, OK. You ready? So here's the story folks. You're going to go and you're going to vote and you're going to remember this very warm morning at this tent that should have been bigger but they ran out of. No, no they ran out of land.
The criminal conduct of Hillary Clinton threatens the foundations of our democracy, and it really does. But we're gonna turn it around. We're gonna turn it around, we're gonna turn it around.
He still thinks Romney won the election. Do you know that? He's going around, Romney won the election, he won the the election. You listen to these people, you're never going to win again folks. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. So then I go to 12... I go to 12% and they say, oh, he's reached a cap. Then I go to 20%. Then I went to 24, 25%. Then I went to... and every time.
Nobody's ever had rallies like this. You might have, you might have a rally like this. You might have a rally like this on the night before the election, right? The night before the election, but you'd never have rallies. These are massive every one. Ohio was so big. Ohio. If you would have added up inside and outside you had at least 50,000 people.
And I don't know much but I say like if people are to stand out for four hours in the cold or the heat because believe me they stood out in heat during the summer and during the fall like you wouldn't believe. In Tennessee, in Texas, we have 21,000 people. No matter where we go, we have these big crowds.
Before our leaders talk about invasions of other countries, they need to stop the invasion of this country. It's being invaded. It's being invaded by people that should not be allowed to do -- you know, we had the safest border, the strongest border that we've ever had, just one year ago. And before Joe Biden sent any troops to defend the border in Eastern Europe, he should be sending troops to defend our border right here in Texas.
And we will hold China accountable for unleashing the virus upon the world. We will defend our constitution. We will defend our Second Amendment. And we will proudly uphold the Judeo-Christian values and principles of our nation's founding. And we will restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love their country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
Thank you very much, everybody. What a great song that is, but we'll cut it a little short because we have some business to discuss. What a group of smart ones we have in front of me today. That's about as good as it comes up here, the brainpower, the greatest power of them all, the brainpower. Well, I'm thrilled to be here with so many tech leaders and luminaries as we take historic action to reassert the future, which belongs to America, always has belonged to America.
But it doesn't matter because if I win we're terminating it and we're going to have great insurance so it doesn't matter, not going to matter. [Applause] Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare making it much more expensive than it already is, which is ridiculous and its horrible health care and it's very -- you don't even get to use it. I'm asking for your vote so we can repeal Obamacare and save health care for every family in North Carolina and this country. [Applause] At the core of my contract with the American voter is my plan to bring back our jobs. Applause] North Carolina is a very vivid example, lost nearly half of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA -- a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton. [Booing] America has lost -- tell this in front of all of these brave, incredible people behind me -- 70,000 factories -- think of it, 70,000. I thought it was a typo when I first read it two weeks ago. Seventy thousand factories since China entered the World Trade Organization -- another Bill Clinton disaster backed very strongly by Hillary.
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. Wow, what a crowd. Look at that! Thank you. Thank you. Well before we begin, I have to tell you that runway is like an ice skating rink and the first step, I said, "You know this sucker is slippery." I think it was put in by the Democrats or will they let us slide.
I wrote a book in 2000, right? And Joe Scarborough yesterday covered it. I wrote a book in 2000, before the World Trade Center came down and I said that there's going to be a big attack in this country. And I said, probably by somebody they said it's going to be much worse. You remember the first attack which was a horrible attack, but it was a small attack by comparison obviously, to the second one which was horrendous.
Wouldn't it be nice to have our big, fat beautiful base? It was probably built there for that reason, but China, one hour away. And now China is occupying that massive big base, some of the biggest runways in the world. They can hold heavier loads than any runways in the world. Under my leadership, we were getting out of Afghanistan, but we were going to get out with dignity, pride, and with strength.
You go to every house, even coming here, we're passing houses, every house has a Trump sign. Trump 2024. [Audience cheers]
In just 15 years, bitcoin has gone from merely an idea posted anonymously on an Internet message board to being the ninth most valuable asset anywhere in the world. Can you believe that? Is that right? That's a big deal. Think of that. It's already bigger than ExxonMobil. Soon, it will be surpassing the entire market cap of silver.
That's what you are. With your help, we're going to win Pennsylvania. We're going to defeat Crooked Joe Biden, and we're going to make America great again. Before going any further, I want to say God bless the people of Israel. They're under attack right now. That's because we show great weakness.
He goes out to the microphone, he goes, "The president's son, Donald Trump Jr., will go to prison for what he's done." Now, he knows it's a hoax. Think of it. It's not like I'm reading and seeing. And I watch this guy telling me -- I'm watching him saying that my son is going to prison. My son is going to prison.
So this was reported big league the other day but I said it two years ago I knew because I have a lot of friends from China. By the way, I don't dislike China. And you know Businessweek did an article about the thing the Chinese most want, different elements. The thing the Chinese -- And they had 10 of them.
And the reason I tell you that, is because that's the thinking we need. We have $19 trillion in debt. We're going up to $21 trillion as a country. Our country is a mess. We're losing our business. Companies are moving into Mexico. They're moving to China. They're moving to Ireland. Pfizer just announced they're going to move to Ireland, great company.
Joe Biden and the fascists that control him, and they do control him, are the real threat to democracy. Because it's not Joe. I really don't believe it's Joe. I think it's people that surround him in that beautiful Oval Office, the Resolute desk. Can you imagine him sitting at the Resolute desk? What a great desk.
But I have to do what I have to do. We have to pick somebody that can win. And this guy is -- he's tough, he's smart, he's a former Marine, he's a Yale-educated lawyer, a great student, you know, went to Yale, got a law degree. He's a great student. He's a fearless MAGA fighter. He fights like crazy, and he loves Ohio.
You read in Hawaii where they had the horrible fire, where they have people going there, and before they bring them on board, they have to study woke for a week. Can you believe this? In other words, everyone's wanting to get back to their home, finding the bodies. It was such a tragedy. You don't read about it too much anymore, but hell is going on over there and they want to give them classes and essentially wokeness.
You saw that, where I took some heat? We can't waterboard. You know, we can't waterboard fellows. I'll tell that to my veterans back here, right? We can't waterboard, but they could chop off heads, they can drown people, 50 people in a cage, a big steel cage, right? And we can't waterboard. I think we got to make some changes, some adjustments because you know what, if we're not going to play... See, the problem is you know, we have the Geneva Convention, we have all sorts of rules and regulations, our soldiers are afraid to fight.
One of the reporters said -- a great reporter, television reporter said to me, I've been doing this Mr. Trump for 20 -- and he didn't say this on the record, I wouldn't tell his name but he said, I've been doing this for 25 years, in 25 years, sir, I have never ever, ever seen anything like what's happening with you and with your people.
He follows me not because he likes it, but because he wants to make sure we get elected, and he's been incredible. I introduced a lot of people and some people did well. Some people didn't get such a good hand. This guy got a tremendous hand because he really is a great patriot, Matt Gaetz and his wife Ginger.
But she's incredible. And I'll tell you what, when she gets on your case, she doesn't stop. That phone can ring 30 times. I'll call her right back. "She wants it now, sir." She is tough and she's smart. And she loves your state. And she was really responsible, along with Reince and a few others, for getting the big convention here instead of to a lot of other places that wanted it. So, if you don't mind, Diane, please stand up. Diane Hendricks.
For this reason, we are systematically renegotiating broken and bad trade deals. Last month, we announced a groundbreaking U.S.-Mexico trade agreement. And just yesterday, I stood with President Moon to announce the successful completion of the brand new U.S.-Korea trade deal. And this is just the beginning.
A poll watcher in Fulton County estimated that approximately 98% of the large number of unusually pristine ballots that she witnessed were for Biden, a highly unusual number. In addition, thousands of uncounted ballots were discovered in Floyd, Fayette and Walton Counties weeks after the election, and these ballots were mostly from Trump voters.
God bless you, God bless the nations of this great region and God bless America. Thank you very much everybody.
Before he won his first race, he was talking about voting. And he said, "Remember, I come from Chicago you know. I mean, you know, they do." Give me a break. This guy is such a phony guy. What a phony. What a phony group. Take a look, you got to look at it. You got to look at it. A clip last night -- In fact, it was on Sean Hannity.
And by the way, our people, they call it the base, they used to say it's 35. Then they said it's 40. Then they said it's 42. Then they have these polls go -- we're driving them crazy. Now they say it's over 50 percent And then they said -- some great people. They said, "Any time Trump gets a poll, add 12 to it."
Can you imagine having to go back to 1798? And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause] [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you.
A violent criminal. He was a violent, violent person. Then in September, that same illegal alien escaped from Chester County Prison and prowled through suburban communities. You all know about him. Hiding in backyards, breaking into homes until he was found with a stolen gun and he was ready to do massive damage all over your community.
Tough guy. You're doing great. Every poll, you're doing amazing. I said, Carl, do me a favor. Just relax. I want to do this. If I win, you take China. I'll get somebody else to take this one. I'll get some -- we will have our best and these people -- Carl, I think he's a nice guy. But some of them are not nice.
Very high, very, very high. Far too high, but a little bit lower for an election it's not supposed to be used for. It's supposed to be used for war and national security. And now these radical left lunatics want to interfere with our elections by using law enforcement. And we can't let that happen. But with all of this being said, and with a very dark cloud hanging over our country, I have no doubt that we will together win the election of 2024 and make America great again.
Kamala vowed to abolish ICE, our great ICE heroes. Say, we don't have ICE, so we don't get the tough ones out. These are tough people that love our country. They're incredible. And as California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes.
But can you imagine, he gave up. A year ago, it was dead, now he's doing anything, calling his wife, hello darling, I'm a little bored, you know that pipeline that has killed us, that has killed our company. Knock, knock. Mr. so and so, the Keystone Pipeline sir, out of nowhere has just been approved. [Applause]
It's absolutely virgin territory. It's territory that our country for 50 or 60 or 70 years has not wanted to go there. They just haven't for whatever reason.
So we'll see how it all turns out. But it's a close race, going to be a tough race, but our race doesn't look like it's going to be as close. Our race looks like it's -- [Audience cheering] And with us as well our members of the incredible Lumbee [Inaudible Tribes. Lumbee [Inaudible] Where are they? Oh, look at you guys.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
We have a lot of cameras, right? We have we have a lot of cameras. A couple of things you know, we'll talk about individual, individual candidates for a little while. Should we do that? I think so, right? We have to go through the whole thing. I could -- should I go through a couple of polls, no? [Audience yells "Yeah"] Yes?
We were all disturbed by the images we saw. We must discuss, as well, the ongoing catastrophe of crime in our inner cities. According to the Chicago Tribune, there has already been more than 2,000 shooting victims in Chicago this year alone. This epidemic of violence destroys lives, destroys communities, and destroys opportunity for young Americans.
We'll go back to boats. This is the new Democrat platform for the -- and I don't want to talk them out of it. I don't. I don't. I swear I don't. This is a killer. I got to get off this subject. I want them to embrace this plan. I want them to go and sell this plan. I just want to be the Republican that runs against them for that.
It won't happen. President. If I'm President Boeing will be very happy, believe me. Because it won't -- they may be unhappy that they built the plant in China but they're not going to have to worry about South Carolina and Seattle. But remember I said it, just in case we don't make it because you people get lazy and don't vote, OK? Colorado is very important.
We appreciate that now more than ever, don't we? It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future. Jobs will return. Don't you like the sound of that? [Applause]
I like that. I like that. Here is my pledge to every New Hampshire family. I will never let the Trump tax cuts, and they are the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country, I will never let them be taken away from you. And with your vote in this election, we will cut your taxes even further. That's what built our economy.
We were leading at 10:00 in the evening by a lot. In Pennsylvania, there were 205,000 more ballots cast than there were voters. How do you get around that [Inaudible]? Which remains completely unexplained. You have great senators and representatives there and nobody can explain it. But think of that. And in other places too.
It's amazing how many people bring that up. You know it's -- about half the people have they're hand up about had heroin because this area, and I don't know what it is, but this area. And we'll be handling them in two parts: We're going to move the clinics. We're going this out so we can do the clinics, and they can do it in a local way, locally-based, and run it. That's not so different from the education.
And she fought me on it. I said, "What the hell is she doing? She was in a different position." But she fought me on it. I wasn't too happy, but I did want to make Henry the governor, so sometimes you do things. She even said illegal aliens were not criminals. Ron and Nikki also want to gut Social Security and Medicare for your seniors.
But you know, that's a phrase. One of the greatest men in the country, right here. Did you ever hear? Did you ever hear that phrase before? I don't think so. Ooh, we have Mike Lee here, too. And we have Rand Paul here. Ah, and Sergio. And the king of Europe, we have right here. Rand, did you ever hear that phrase for a politician?
yeah
A very good friend of mine, he's always there, he's always available, and he is very smart. He loves the people of Mississippi. He loves the people of our country, Senator Roger Wicker. Roger? Thank you, Roger. Great job. And a man that did so well recently, it will go down for a long time, you're going to be seeing those words.
The guy makes a speech, he can't find the steps. They're all over the place. See this stage? This stage has one, two, three, four. Most stages have more than that. But in New Hampshire, they want to cut back on the costs a little bit. So they only give me four options. But when I'm finished, I actually pick one of the four.
I said, "Is there anything that can burn?" "No." You know, stone? I said, "What's the problem?" They just won't give it. So we gave it, and we had a night to remember, right? Remember that? That was something. And the Democrats just announced that they're canceling it for the people of South Dakota. They're canceling it. I don't know.
But they were the most loyal people. The farmers were the most loyal people. And they said, sir, we're with you. I said, I'm going to get you all sorts of subsidies from China. They said, sir, we don't want subsidies. We just want a level playing field. That was the only ones that told me that in four years in the White House.
So we're thrilled to be here with some incredible people and you're going to be joined by a man and I mean this, too. And you know, I say, oh, everybody's wonderful and then half the time you can't stand them but you've got to say, but this guy is wonderful. He's one of the smartest people in the Senate, a lot of people don't know that.
I mean, I could give you the names, but I don't want to embarrass people. Nah, I'll give you a couple of names. No nice people. Mark Cuban did one called "The Benefactor." It was a disaster. Richard Branson did one. Great guy, but it didn't work out. Tommy Hilfiger, who I love, tenant in my building, great guy, didn't work out.
The judges -- what's gone on with the judges in New York? There's no justice. We're not getting justice in New York. And yet she speaks so bravely about things that she shouldn't be speaking about. But you look at radical liberal Kamala Harris. She's been the ringleader for this anti-crime and the anti-police crusade.
I see Doug Burgum sitting right over there. I tell you, he was so good. I looked at him, I said I got to have him here. I got to have him. He was a great governor. He's involved with a little thing called energy. He's got the Department of Interior, and Chris Wright has the Department of Energy. So Chris has no energy and Doug has all of the energy.
And we have some good ones, like the press. There's a few good ones, not too many. But we have either corrupt or incompetent leaders. And we got to straighten out our country. And that's what I'm doing it for. I'm doing it for one reason. That's why I'm self funding. I'm spending a lot Of money. You know, I say, I'm not putting up -- no, that's OK. Don't worry about it. You know what happens?
I always say, I won the debates, according to virtually everybody. Did I win the debates? In fact, that's when our numbers after the last debate, that's when our numbers started to go up like a rocket ship. We won the debates and it was amazing, and these people are going crazy. This morning, they handed them a New Hampshire, New Hampshire.
And once you have that vaccine -- these are very effective. Once you have that vaccine, you can open those doors and say, "Here I am." [Laughter]
Secondly, we are going to enforce the Hire American rules that are designed to protect jobs and wages of workers in the United States. We believe jobs must be offered to American workers first. Does that make sense? [Applause] Right now, widespread abuse in our immigration system is allowing American workers of all backgrounds to be replaced by workers brought in from other countries to fill the same job for sometimes less pay. This will stop. American workers have long called for reforms to end these visa abuses. And today, their calls are being answered for the first time. That includes taking the first steps to set in motion a long-overdue reform of H1B visas.
So get your friends, get your family, get your coworkers, get everybody even if you have a boss. Get the boss and say, boss, I'm going to rip you out of your office. We're going to go and we're going to vote. Go vote. This is the most important election in our history. This is more important than four years ago.
For the first time, America is now energy independent. Such beautiful words, energy independent. We fought wars. We did everything we could. We used to take the straits, and everybody else benefited. We'd keep them clear so that other countries could take oil from the Middle East, and nobody paid us. Now they're starting to pay us a lot of money, folks.
You know, they had a poll the other day. It was a classic. Just to show you how dishonest the fakeness media is. And it said, headline, "Nikki Haley surging." I said, "Oh, shit." That's not good. No. I figured I was in trouble though. New poll must -- so I went up seven points, and it's hard to go up seven when you're already at 68. You know, there's not that much you can -- she went up three and DeSanctis went down one.
And they were marching on Washington and I said do we have any laws about this? They said no, sir. Now in Congress, the way it is now, you can't -- you know, the most you'd get is about uh, a $10 fine. You rip down a $5 million statue, you get a $10 fine right? You know, it's a different world. That's, uh -- when it was strong and they had laws.
Wow, thank you, thank you. What a crowd, wow. Wow! Thank you, Tucson. Thank you Tucson. [Audience chants "USA"] Wow. Wow, thank you very much Tucson. I'm thrilled to be in Arizona with the thousands of loyal hard-working American patriots. 15 days from now we're going to win the state of Arizona, and we are going to win four more years in that beautiful White House.
He used to be a politician. It shouldn't be that big a deal because a lot of people make that mistake. That's one I could understand somebody making, but we call it the Commonwealth. But Elon endorsed me. He's in another part of the Commonwealth, and he's campaigning now, and he's got -- actually, he's got a gold.
It may get pretty bad, but it's pretty windy. So thank you all very much and I'm thrilled to be back in the American heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking, Iowa patriots. And 20 days from now, we're going to win this state. We're going to win four more years in the White House. We're going to keep it that [Inaudible]. And I must tell you, you know, I've just, uh -- look, a poll just came out, we're up, six.
I mean, we appreciate talent. I said, "Let me use these guys to guide our military a little bit." When you can win so many races, that's OK. You know, you guide. Same thing with coaches. You take some of the greatest football coaches, you put them at a table. "What do you like, coach?" Because in its own way, it's not so much really different.
Look, I backed John McCain, and that was tough, because he inherited a problem. But I backed John McCain and he lost. I backed Romney, and he lost, that one should've been won. And this time I said, "You know what, we're gonna do it ourselves." Let's do it ourselves.
We're going to have a great border. We're going to drill, baby, drill. Those two things. We're going to have energy. It's going to be we're going to make so much money. We're not going to have to worry about your Social Security. So, I said those two things. I said, "I'm going to be a dictator," and they cut it. So, all over television said, Donald Trump wants to be a dictator.
And I say to you and I say this because the Democrats have let you down for decades and decades and decades, I say to you what the hell do you have to lose, right? [Applause and Cheering] What do you have to lose? I will fix it. We are going to fix the inner cities. We're going to bring back jobs. We're going to make them safe.
But you can get plants also, OK, because I don't care. As long as they're in the United States. I can't -- I couldn't care less. So -- so, I said, "How big would that be?" He said, "They'll make more cars than all of the state, the entire state, much more than Detroit." These are big monsters. You press a button, and it's unbelievable.
They're tough. They have to be tough. You see what they're dealing with? I'm not going to send you or you -- I'm not going to send you -- they have to be -- yeah, I'll send you. I might send you. I might send her. [Laughter] They saw you. I won't tell you what they're thinking if they saw you. [Laughter] I think if they saw you, they'd be happy, very, very happy.
Now it's at 336 and another poll has it at 42, 42, amazing. OK. So, we're in the CNN poll. We're at 36, second places is 16, then you have a 12, you have a four, you have a three, who's three? Bush. Bush has three. Bye-bye. You know I tell this and I'm embarrassed by it but do you see all the Bush commercials?
So, Iran has $550 billion, $600 billion that they made all during the three and a half years of these two people. And it's hard to believe, but they're a very rich country now and they're trying to develop nuclear weapons. They're not trying. They're very close to getting it. And once they have it, it's a -- you better have the right president.
What's that all about? What's that all about? Cheating, they say. Yeah, I'd say so. In the history of our country -- and it has taken place for years in Pennsylvania and Detroit and various other places, but there's -- there's tremendous -- never like this because they used COVID as a way of cheating. That's what happened, and everybody knows it. Hundreds of thousands and millions of ballots.
But with the kind of idiots we have running this country, not a lot of people will be left 'cause the power of weaponry today is very scary. We could very well end up, in the next five months, in a World War III because we have incompetent people. He's an incompetent person. Joe Biden is incompetent. And let me just tell you, I would have never said -- That's a strong statement to say the president is -- He's grossly incompetent.
I don't tell you about bad polls, okay? I never did. In New Hampshire, it just came out. I'm given a 93 percent chance of winning, so we're at 93 percent chance. Nikki Haley is at 7%. Now, this is one I don't understand, and Ron Desanctimonious is at minus 1. Now, what does minus 1 mean? That means he's less than 0. Is that what it means?
president of the United States Donald Trump
Why didn't you do this for me four years ago? Changed the votes, 10,000 in Michigan. You could have changed the whole thing." But she's not too happy. You know, you don't see her anymore. What happened? Where's Hillary? Where is she? But I want to thank all of those congressmen and women. I also want to thank our 13, most courageous members of the U.S. Senate, Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Ron Johnson, Senator Josh Hawley, Kelly Loeffler, and Kelly Loeffler, I'll tell you, she has been -- she's been so great.
Our country has never been better economically and people are trying to get in and they have to come in legally and they have to come in based on merit. Based on merit. Despite all that we have been forced to endure every day we are working and fighting and winning. Remember that because we are making America great again and we are making a great for all Americans, all Americans.
Today, we're politically correct. Today, people kill, and they end up getting out on bail in two minutes. No, this is a little different act. The Aliens Enemy Act 1798, to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil, 100%. And in honor of the great people of Aurora, Colorado, we will call this Operation Aurora because they were the first to suffer with this group of thugs.
You know, there was like spirit. My daughter, Ivanka, her mother and grandparents lived in Czechoslovakia when it was a communist country. And she'd go there on the summers for a month and would go with Don and Eric, sometimes, separately. And she told me the story the other day. I never heard it. She said, "You know, Dad, when I was a little girl growing up, I'm in a communist country seeing my grandparents, and the people in the country, smart people, hard workers, they had little $1 bills posted onto their windshield.
And the Republicans have to play like these two guys and these three people, actually four people that we have. They have to play tough, and they have to be -- and honestly, and if they're not willing to do it, we got a lot of good, tough Republicans around that people are going to run against them and people are going to win, and they're going to get my endorsement every single time, and they're going to win because we win almost every race when we endorse.
It's not even in our culture anymore. You know, the old expression to the victor belong the spoils. Right? We should have never gone in and I did not want to go in. Believe me, I said, "You're going to destabilize the entire Middle East." But they went into Iraq, it was a mistake. They went in. Mistake. Now Obama gets out.
He actually started off as the ambassador to Germany. And the greatest day in Angela Merkel's life was the day I took him out to promote him. She said, "Oh my God, thank you." He drove Angela crazy, and that's a good thing, not a bad thing. His name is Rick Grenell. Thank you, Rick. And he did a -- he did a fantastic -- and Kash Patel is here, one of our real warriors, a real warrior.
I do appreciate it. I do. And we're doing unbelievably with Hispanic. The Hispanic population has been incredible, incredible. We will quickly become energy independent as we were before and make America the dominant energy producer in the world by far. We will frack, frack, frack and drill, baby, drill.
I've never -- I've only done this for nine months and I think I'm doing a good job. Do you agree we're doing a good job? I've done this for nine months and all my life I've been in business. I've competed against business people and done well. I started off with a million dollar loan and I built a net worth over $10 billion, with the greatest assets, with the greatest assets, very low debt, tremendous cash flow.
Come on Scott. Don't be a party pooper. Come on now. Lift her up, Kevin. Lift her over the railing.
I'm sure they would never have but that one and I'm not even down by much. I'm down by and then I'm winning and another one winning and another one. The other one came out last night and that's pretty even. It's like statistically tied. So we've got we've got to win, Iowa. We've got to win, OK. So we're going to win, OK. Otherwise I'll tell you what.
We got choice for the vets. We did things for the vets that nobody thought would be possible but I saw these young men and I gave them their Purple Hearts and their parents were there crying. And one of them was so amazing, I said what's your problem, sir? My face was blown apart. My nose was absolutely just blown apart.
I said 'No I don't have the courage to tell these people no'. Not only did we not, we're giving you the full treatment. We're giving you the full treatment. I could've done one of those 'Hey folks, how you doing? Everybody good? Good. I'll see ya later'. Nah, we don't do that. But you get out there and vote because your country is at stake.
We give them a $150 billion right? We give them a $150 billion, but here's the thing... smaller money, but think of this. We give them $1.8 billion in cash. I mean, I like green. In fact, it was so much cash, that they had to go to other countries also because we didn't have enough cash in Washington DC. They loaded up planes with cash. Can you believe, the president has that kind of power. I don't want to ever try it. No, but can you believe that the presidency has the power to send bushel loads of cash to Iran, probably for hostages, probably -- $1.8 billion, probably for hostages. So sad, We don't do that. We don't do that anymore.
Has it worked? For -- actually, I guess, Candace, it's even more -- but a hundred years. And you look at what's going on in the cities run by these crazy left Democrats, and what's going on is not good. My administration is fighting with everyone, and all our heart -- to reverse the pain inflicted by Democrat leaders and to deliver hope and opportunity and prosperity for all Americans, but for African American communities all throughout our land.
Now, this is done. I haven't read anything about it. This would have been the biggest story in history 10 years ago. Walter Cronkite would have reported it, and he was on the liberal side, to put it mildly. But he would have made this the biggest story. But we don't have Walter Cronkite anymore, do we? Walter Cronkites -- the Walter Cronkites and the great ones are gone.
And I hope you're gonna remember that and I hope you're gonna do that and I hope you're gonna do that. And I hope you're gonna do something that maybe it's not so good, something that maybe it's not so good, something that maybe it's not so good for the country, but it's good for him or for the country, but it's good for him or for the country.
So it's my great honor to be with you today, and I thank you and I thank everyone in this incredible room of heroes -- the International Association of Chiefs of Police. You have very, very special, very smart, very brave, brave people.
You and I talked about it last time. We're in there for probably 4 trillion or 5 trillion, maybe more than that. We could have rebuilt our country, we could have. Because of guys like Lindsey Graham. So I listen to his military, he wants to fight Assad and he wants to fight ISIS at the same time. But they're fighting each other.
They were killed. The two people, they have bombs all over their floor. Everybody knew they were up to something bad. Their bombs. I mean, you don't walk into too many houses if you see bombs all over the floor. Right? People saw it, they all knew. One person said they didn't want to do it and they didn't want to have racial profiling.
There were no empty seats. We set a record that evening for crowd attendance. Because we don't need much of a stage. Basketball, they need a big -- you're filled up with people, like it is tonight. And we barely got an apology. And he admitted he was wrong. You know where he did it? On his little Twitter account.
They're much worse than that. They're actually -- You know, they're so bad, that they're not even funny. The Biden lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings for you, no Thanksgivings. [Audience Boos] No Easters, no Christmas', no Fourth of Julys, and no future. Other than that, I think he's doing quite a good job, right? [Audience Boos] Under Biden's lockdown, you will be living in a prison state.
Thank you. And we'll be back. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
It's time to start talking about greatness for our country again. We want our country to be great again. We want our country to be respected again. We are a laughingstock all over the world today. One year ago, we were respected like never before. We are a laughing stock. In summation and in closing, as your president, I instituted the largest tax cut in American history by far, and our economy thrived like never before.
Don't forget. Don't forget, six months ago, prior to June 16th, I was like the fair haired boy. I gave $350,000 to the Republican governors and so. I was on the other side writing checks. I was like Mr. establishment, can you believe it? Once I do this, I'm not establishment anymore, which I love, I love, I love.
You know, every time I say, "You have some rough people in there," the media says, "How dare you. We want to see proof." Well, they gave you 300 names yesterday. These are rough, rough people in many cases and if they're allowed to breakthrough our borders, only larger and bigger, we have emboldened these people.
I will end -- thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [Applause] Thank you. I will end all migrant flights. You know, they fly in by plane. They come in. You know, we only learned that like less than a year ago. They said, "We're going to start closing up the border a little bit." Well, all they have to do -- you know, all they have to do, she could walk into the White House, say, "Wake Biden up. I want him to sign something."
We proudly leave the next administration with the strongest and most robust border security measures ever put into place. This includes historic agreements with Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, along with more than 450 miles of powerful new wall.
Chinese companies have tried to steal our trade secrets and the trade secrets of American agricultural businesses. You know, you have a lot of trade secrets that are incredible. Who would have known? But you have incredible secrets on growing and plants. I mean, you have unbelievable -- I looked at it; I couldn't believe the level of sophistication in the farm business.
And what a shame when that's the second biggest story. What happened to our values? Republicans believe that every life is a sacred gift of God, and that's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion of babies. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, intolerance and division.
And I know her very well and I know her husband very well. Hillary is probably going to be the nominee if you look at polls, if you look at everything. And it's going to be, in my opinion, a tougher race than the last race. I mean, really tougher. And somebody is going to have to emerge who's really smart and really tough because Obama should have been beaten.
But you know what? We're not going to pay for it because we can't pay for it. This isn't 40 years ago, this isn't 20 years ago, this is now. And we are going to make our country so strong, and were going to re-negotiate our military deals.
Two weeks ago. Two weeks ago. Joe Biden's running mate, the most liberal member of the US Senate -- [Audience Boos] You know who that is, right? [Audience Boos] Sponsors the insane Green New Deal. [Audience Boos] $100 trillion. You, too, can have no windows in your buildings. Which would wipe out the ethanol industry, Joanie.
We built the wall. We had the safest border in the history of our country. And it's very interesting because we built the wall, but a lot of people were coming up at the beginning. Once they saw that I meant business, once they heard some of these stories that I'm telling you right now, they didn't come.
We let it happen. We encouraged it. And these are people that are occupying our hospitals now. They're taking the place of our vets. I mean, our vets are sleeping out on the street and these people are staying at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's really bad. It's a vote to rescue [Audio gap] a vote to reclaim our democracy because, you know, that's his new theme.
And if you can have fun nowadays, not a lot of fun, but the press actually reported me for saying I wanted the Congressional Medal of Honor. Can you believe it for myself? Because they're fake news. Oh, yeah. They -- I got a couple of beauties up there. That story will be told tomorrow, and the highlight of the story is that I demanded the Congressional Medal of Honor, I guarantee it. So when you read it, just go fake news.
And we also got his second. They had just taken a man. He just became second. Well, he got it, too. And guess what? We have our eye on his third. His third has got a lot of problems because we know where he is, too. So we have to keep it that way; otherwise, we're going to continue to have problems.
It lost $78 billion over a relatively short number of years. $78 billion, I want to strengthen the Post Office and we can do it so that if you look, Amazon and all these companies that now do, it's a whole new business, they just drop a lot of it right into the Post Office and we lose two and three -- -- just drop a lot of it right into the post office, and we lose two and $3 every time we deliver a package.
Another reform I am proposing is the passage of legislation named for Detective Michael Davis and Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver, two law enforcement officers recently killed by a previously-deported illegal immigrant. The Davis-Oliver bill will enhance cooperation with state and local authorities to ensure that criminal immigrants and terrorists are swiftly identified and removed.
And I said to Senator Blunt and I said to Billy Long on the plane coming in -- can I say "Missouri
She would have owned the world. OK. If I put her there, she would have been so perfect for that job. We would have had everybody because she's great, smart. She got the whole package, but she wanted to help people and they would go after her. It's just so sad. But they went after Don. So, think of this. Don spent many hours in a federal grand jury and before Congress and all the different things.
But he builds plants. And he's really -- he can't believe what's going on in Mexico. Now, that's better than hiring the consulting firm and saying, tell me how we're doing against Mexico. I mean, I know the answer, because he can give me the answer better than any guy that graduated from the Wharton School of Finance that you're paying a lot of money, and he'll go around and do surveys, right?[Applause]  It's common sense.
And people -- who said that over there? Let me see. Who said it? Who's the guy? Don't worry, they're going to be -- I'll tell you, they are dreaming of having her win. Do you ever notice, she says we're going to work on the tax code, we're going to work on ISIS, we're going to work on this. She's been there for 30 years. What's she been doing, right? What's she been doing?
Donald Trump made a speech tonight it was blah, blah, blah, right? Then they said Bernie Sanders had a massive crowd of 7,000. I said man, I'll tell you, these guys, these guys are bad. So that's it. Now, look many things are going to happen. We're going to come in. We're going to work California hard. We're going to work the state of Washington hard.
Nobody, you go right into the United States and then we send them all over the country and we have all sorts of problems. Now we have a problem with a migration and I said I'm -- it's a terrible problem, the migration from Syria and other places, in my opinion. So I'm asked the other day, what do you do what a couple of weeks I said? Well, I guess you got to help you know on a humane basis, you feel badly, right? It's terrible. But then over the last couple of weeks have been watching and I say wow, that's really something because Obama now wants to take you and listen to this one.
You're going to save a lot of money on the machines. Now think of it, Pennsylvania, three, four days. They're going to be three, four days late. What a joke. What a joke. There's something going on. We're just hours away from the most important midterm election in American history, and we need a landslide so big that the radical left cannot rig it or cannot steal it. Everybody needs to get out and vote.
Nobody -- everyone was shocked. I was shocked. I heard it, and I said, "Oh, let me..." You know, TiVo, one of the greatest inventions in history, right, TiVo or its equivalent. Now, they're going to use me in a damn ad. I got to be careful. You cannot use that for ad purposes. No, TiVo or its equivalent.
Also with us are many members of my Cabinet, including our great new DNI, John Ratcliffe. Thank you, John. Thank you. [Applause] We have a great friend of mine, a special man, ran a great, great campaign: Governor of Florida, Ron DeSantis. [Applause] Thank you, Ron. Thank you, Ron.
And those manufacturing jobs, they're important tests for, as a country. One hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls in October, close to a record. And nearly a quarter of a million people dropped out of the labor force. Can you believe this? And these are the numbers. I did say that if they've got to be released, let them release it before the election.
He's a conspiracy theorist. They don't tell you that they cheated. Think of it, they spied on my campaign, and they refused to even acknowledge it to this day. But people acknowledge it. But look at all of the things, the Mueller report. They said Russia, Russia. Trump is involved with Russia. I don't know a damn thing about Russia.
Who the hell knows? Who the hell knows? Who the hell cares, right? But he knew who I was and I went up, I said, "So are you okay?" And he said, "I'm not really okay. I made a mistake that I'll never forget." And he was by this time a pretty old guy, and he was sitting in the corner of this magnificent 5th Avenue apartment where there were 25 very successful people.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture rolled back almost $400 million in regulatory costs last year alone. And this year, they're projected to more than double those savings. We're saving farmers and ranchers from one of the most ridiculous regulations ever imposed on anybody in our nation: the Waters of the United States rule.
It's caused by some very bad troublemakers, those events that you've been watching. In the past three weeks, Crooked Joe Biden has turned a blind eye to the greatest outbreak of anti-Semitism in American history. You have the greatest -- I call up friends of mine who happened to be Jewish. I say, "Are you watching what's going on?" And they're actually frightened.
It's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do. So I was going to do it like on a Monday and I was getting these calls, Dan knows this little trick. I was getting these calls and, "We must speak to the president about Jerusalem.
We wouldn't have had inflation. We wouldn't have had all of these things that, you know, happened. But in speaking with her -- she said about family values -- I said, "Well, you're not really saying anything there, because we have great families too. We have great family values." She said, "Plus, we advertise a lot." I said, "Ooh.
And by the way, these numbers are what they call outcome-determinative, meaning these numbers far surpass, I lost by a very little bit. These numbers are massive, massive. More than 10,000 votes In Pennsylvania were illegally counted even though they were received after Election Day. In other words, they were received after Election Day.
This has been -- a long time it's been fought. Getting it back to the states puts the question where it belongs with the vote of the people. And over time, it will all work out. It's working out right now, but it's all going to work out. And it's where everybody wanted it, including the legal scholars, but it's where everybody wanted it to be. And it's taken actually, they say 49, but it's probably 51 years, it's taken to get this done.
That's not good news. Who thinks he doesn't get to the starting gate? [Audience responds affirmatively]
She doesn't like it. She's a very elegant woman. She doesn't like it. Should I do it, Marjorie? So -- no, no. Our first lady, she said, "You know, your speech was great, but this weightlifting thing is so unelegant. And please don't imitate him not being able to find stairs because every time you do it, they say it was you that couldn't find the stairs." True.
And once I explain that to them, they still don't understand it. And it doesn't matter if they understand it because they're controlled by lobbyists and special interests. So, even if they understand it, they're not going to do it. They're not going to create bidding for the pharmaceutical companies because the pharmaceutical companies take care of all these people.
We're nine points up in the Midwest alone. In the Emerson poll, highly respected, we're three up in Georgia and leading Arizona by a lot, Wisconsin by a lot. And I think we're really doing well in Pennsylvania. That's what the word is. But remember, don't get too carried away. They cheat. That's what they do.
Otherwise, I really do believe they'll overturn it. We've won a lot of appeals on that case, and it's very interesting. But I have to go through this stuff. And let me tell you, if I weren't running or if I was in fifth place or sixth place or fourth place, none of this would be happening. I wouldn't have been indicted four times or one time, and I wouldn't be sued all over the place for anything. "Anything we can do, let's sue him." If I weren't running or if I was doing poorly, I would have absolutely no litigation.
Paul Gosar. Paul. Where's Paul? Paul, stand up. Will you? Paul Gosar. Thank you, Paul. Appreciate. Great job you're doing. These are warriors. They really are. When they went and they tried to make a play at your President, they had to get through the House. What were we? 197 and nothing. That's never happened before.
I sell apartments for millions of dollars to people from Mexico. They love me. They love me. And by the way, Nevada just came out with a poll, and I said I will win the Hispanic vote.
And then we have extras that we got through attrition, through retirement, through death. And then we will very shortly -- in less than a couple of months, we'll have 182 federal judgeships, including -- including appeals judges, court of appeals. One hundred and eighty-two. [Inaudible] And, you know, we were getting killed with the court decisions.
Because all of their criminals, most of them and the rest are coming in now. The ones that didn't come in. In Venezuela, their prisons have been emptied into the United States. They're criminals and drug dealers, have been taken out of the cities and brought into the United States. And that's true with many other countries.
Jason Oxman, ITI. Jason, thank you. Great job you're doing. Scott Schenkel, eBay. I sign things, and the next night, I see them on eBay. They're sold. They're sold for a lot of money. I said, "Sir, could I have you just -- would you sign my sneaker?" "Yes." Then, two nights later, I see it on eBay, selling for $5,000. I say, "What kind of people are these, Lindsey?" Terrible.
Now, maybe she'll, you know, after she gets rid of Bernie, get rid of all this stuff. OK. It doesn't help you, by the way. But what she's proposing, she needs to have a massive, massive tax increase. Now, nobody ever talks about that. Do you notice? She never talks about, who's going to pay for it? Now they're going to pay.
You remember the crazy former governor of Virginia, where he was explaining what happens. And then if it's after the ninth month and the baby is born, you put the baby aside, you discuss with the mother, and if the mother doesn't want the baby, we execute the baby. This is part of their thing. Now think of it. So they're the radicals, but you have to say that, they always make the pro-lifers, the radicals.
We're going to soon be two for two, and that's going to be it. Although a lot of the fake news said that he's not going to stop at eight years. He's going longer. We'll never take it away from him. This is, like, the group of people -- first they say he doesn't know what he's doing. Perhaps he's incompetent.
Rob, thank you. How we doing, Rob? Good. OK, good. He said to me another group came down that didn't want his advice, they came down from Boston and they put events all over the place and he said you're going in the wrong location. Anyway, they ended up losing big, right? But with us, we came to Rob, we say, where do you think the best places are?
It's so sad what's going on in Los Angeles. Think of it, they had a fire that should have never had because they should have listened to me in the water. Eventually we broke in and we had the water come down from the Pacific Northwest. I could show you pictures now with the half pipes, the big half pipes coming all the way down California.
We're going to make America great again. Well thank you very much everybody. I appreciate it. And we're gonna have a good time together. So we've been all over Florida. And a lot of things are happening. I love you, too. That was a guy, but it's okay. Who cares? Because so many things are going on. I watch the news.
Who would have thought this was going to happen? We thought it was going to happen, but not this fast. Remember this. All during our campaign, I said we're going to start winning again. And you're going to have your representative, Dean Heller, and you're going to go to him, we love this, don't we? And you're going to say, Dean, please see the president.
Not going to happen with me. I'm going to say to him to follow. And I hate to say it. I'm a free trader. I hate to say this. We have to have smart trade. I don't even call it free trade anymore. We don't free trade with China. China is going to make, I mean think of this deficit. We are going, put it a different way.
He just said, "Don't say bad about China." So I had to rip up about half of my speech, right? And I said, "Why?" And he said, "Well, we do a lot of business. I've been dealing with China for 35 years, with corn and all of the different things." And he told me a story that was amazing. He said, "You know, 35 years ago, when I started, I met a man named Xi. He wasn't President then; he was a young man." And the governor came back.
I don't think Alfred E. Neumann, ladies and gentlemen, introducing President Alfred E. Neuman, but she nobody knows because you're all too young, nobody knows who Alfred. It's Mad Magazine. They all said no, Howdy Doody. See, Nobody knows who Alfred E. Neuman is. Only the real aficionados, they're the ones that they love it, but that's only 15% of the crowd, right?
You know, I had a poll the other day, from one of the most dishonest newspapers I've ever seen, The Washington Post. They -- listen, totally dishonest. They polled far more Democrats than Republicans. I mean, what kind of policies? And even people that were on the other side said, That's not a very good poll.
We created choice and transparency in healthcare, stood up to big pharma in so many ways, but especially in our effort to get favored-nations clauses added, which will give us the lowest prescription drug prices anywhere in the world.
No more Common Core. He's also weak on immigration, and that's not good. Remember, they come as an act of love. Remember that whole deal? Education is very interesting because we're number 30 in the world. You have Norway, Sweden, Denmark China and plenty of others. Then you have third world countries and number 30 is the United States.
Do you remember I used to give talks on success before politics? Okay, that's enough. We're going to do it. I know you're on our side, but it's enough. We're going to get them home. It's a rough situation. But remember, we used to give talks on success for the learning addicts and for others. And I used to do that before politics, and maybe it's one of the reasons I went in, but because well, bringing our city back, it starts with getting the right leadership.
We don't want to be critics. We don't want to be complainers. I never wanted to be a critic. I never respected critics. They tell people what's wrong, but they can't do it themselves. We will win because we will fight with every measure of our strength and with every ounce of our energy to lift up the working men and working women of America and to restore the fabric of this nation.
If you had 41% with, like, three people, you have it made, right? But with 15 people, 41% highly respected poll, second is 14%. So it's 41-14, so that sounds good. Now, and you know we're winning very importantly in Iowa. We're winning and we're winning big. We're winning big. Here's one that I love Ohio -- because I like Casey.
This is a city with a rich immigrant history and a rich Latino history. [Applause]
Now very simply, the United States is trying to figure out, they've been talking about this for what? Seven years, eight years, nine years because they're losing all these companies to Mexico and other places. They want to give them money. They want to give them low interest loans. They don't need the money.
Let's see how it works out, but we need you to call your Democrat Congressman and your Democrat Senator and get them to pass legislation. Working with these great men over here to close up the loopholes and to solve the asylum problem which can be done in 15 minutes. Illegal mass migration brings in millions of low wage workers to compete for jobs, wages and opportunities against the most vulnerable Americans cutting off their path to the American dream.
And she's been -- she's been there ever since, and she has done a fantastic job, Ronna McDaniel. Come up, Ronna. And she actually is very good on television, too. Just say a couple of quick...
You don't remember four years ago, this is just gonna be a bigger version. We're gonna win by a lot more." Win by a lot more. Biden is constantly lies, and he said he won't defund the police, he's gonna leave the police alone. He also won't tell you the truth about his decades-long quest to cut social security and Medicare.
And they're not going to do it for long because that is a massive penalty. And we don't have to fight -- we don't have to fight with guns. You know, I had no wars. I stopped wars. I stopped two countries from fighting each other that have nothing to do with us. You can ask Ric Grenell, who did a great job for us.
Government will start working again -- fixing things. We're going to have this economy work again for you. Just look at my projects in New York, where I turned rundown spaces into new centers of business, and we have hit such success taking buildings that were failures and made them successful -- made them incredible. Buildings, jobs, so many things -- even an ice skating rink that took eight years -- the City couldn't build it. I did it in three months. Okay, you know about it. [Applause]
Give those people a hand. We love those people. They're gonna say, how did Mr. Trump do tonight? How was the speech? They're gonna say, I don't know. We never got in. So we have 93 million people out of the labor force. We have 50 million people in poverty. We have 43 million and now, it's actually gonna be probably closer to 50. 50 million people on food stamps.
My wife always says, how was the crowd? I say, didn't you see it? No, they kept it right on your face. They never move your face. They never -- and they do that because they don't want people to see how big the crowd is. They don't want that. Now, President Obama, he had... No, he was in Miami or someplace.
Two years ago ISIS controlled more than 20,000 square miles of territory in Iraq and Syria. I was told that it would take at least two years from one month ago to get the Caliphate at 100 percent. You saw that. My generals, that I got rid of, told me it would take two years to get two percent. I went to Iraq.
And say what? Unidentified
She was the first one out. She had a lack of skill, and people didn't like her. And now, she's running for president and she never got one vote. Think about that. When Kamala lays out her fake economic plan this week, probably, it will be a copy of my plan because, basically, that's what she does. Just remember, she goes to work every morning in the West Wing.
So these great companies now can breathe and hire people, right? OK. And we just passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history, the largest. And we got rid of the individual mandate of Obamacare, the most unpopular. And by the way, we would have repealed and replace Obamacare, but one vote didn't work out after campaigning for eight years, this particular person decided at the last moment to go no, it's all right, we'll get it anyway, doesn't matter.
I will enforce all of our immigration laws.
And that vision we are also committed to supporting those people in the Western hemisphere who live under brutal oppression such as those in Cuba, Nicaragua and Venezuela. According to a recent report from the U.N. Human Rights Council, women in Venezuela stand in line for ten hours a day waiting for food.
Getting out was fine. Getting out with dignity and strength, not stupid -- the stupidest, most embarrassing thing ever in our country's history. When asked who's the best to improve the economy, it's Trump, 54, to DeSanctus, 18. In Iowa, we're leading 55 to 11. In New Hampshire, a great state, we're leading 59 to 12. And in South Carolina, we're leading 65 to 10. And we're leading by a similar number in Nevada.
Thank you.
Wow, wow, wow. That's a beautiful sight and it's a beautiful sight to be with you in a place called Fort Bragg. Can you believe they changed that name in the last administration for a little bit? But we'll forget all about that, won't we? We're going to forget all about it. I want to just say, God bless the US Army and God bless the USA, great place, great group.
See the height of that ceiling? We may top it by a little, but that is a pretty high ceiling. Once they get up there, they're not going to want to come down. That I can tell. For example, recently in Lake County, an illegal immigrant was indicted on 16 counts including murder and attempted rape. That illegal immigrant had been previously released through Obama's non-enforcement policies.
We just keep fighting and fighting. It's like a hose. The money just keeps pouring out. We never win. And now the Middle East is in worse shape by far than it's ever been. We have the great migration, the whole thing. They've dragged -- thank you. I don't even want to look, I'll get myself -- I don't want to look.
They don't care about loyalty." I said, "I think they do care about loyalty." And I was right. They do care. They do care. [Audience cheers]
He's from Johnson & Johnson, Woody Johnson, Johnson & Johnson has a hard time with the Jets. Woody Johnson is a good guy. He's the head of his finance group so then when you wonder why is it that the politicians don't put out drugs to competitive bidding, and then you see Woody Johnson, works for this guy.
And Karzai said, I'm not signing that deal. These stupid Americans they're so stupid. They give me bundles of cash. You ever see? I want to know. Who is the soldier? Think of this. Like maybe, I have a couple of hundred bucks in my pocket, right? Who is the soldier that carries satchels of $50 million to take care of these people.
We're going to protect our country from terrorism. We're going to protect our country from terrorist. We are going to be so tough. We are going to be so smart and so vigilant and we're going to get it so that people turn in people when they know there's something going on. Like in San Bernardino people saw bombs all over these people's floors.
We need them for our people because our people don't like that you're holding people in your jails, the worst jails from what I understand, there are on Earth. One of them is in jail because he's a Christian, a minister. He's a pastor. Right. Exactly. And I've met his wife a couple of times. She doesn't know what -- she's such a lovely woman, doesn't know what to do. So we have four people in prison right now that should have come out.
It was a woman in a man's body, they call. They say this. Can you believe I'm saying this? But it's a woman. This is acceptable. But basically, this woman in a man's body went by her so fast, she was so badly hurt, that the wind burn was horrible. She suffered atrocious windburn because the speed that he was going was something that she's never quite experienced.
So last week they thought, "Oh, they have a great issue," and, you know, I get credit, I don't know if it's true or not, but they're saying I have good political instincts, who does?
We got 74 million plus, and they're trying to convince us that we lost. We didn't lose. They found a lot of ballots, let's be nice about it, they got rid of some too. The 74, let me tell you, the 74 could've been even higher. As the great pollster John McLaughlin, who's really a, a great pollster. One of the most highly respected.
I feel so sad with New York. Crime is up 200, 250% Cuomo. Uh, a terrible thing has happened in New York. Look at Chicago, Democrat again. Crime is through the roof. They had a weekend, 87 people were shot and 16 died, okay? Now do you believe it? This is an -- Hey, we're in Afghanistan, you don't lose as many people.
That's your name. Don't be ashamed of your name. So anyway. So anyway. So I hope -- you know, I wish him the best. But you know, I sort of -- so I started and I started at like two or three. And then it went to six and then went to nine. And each time the pundits, these real geniuses back here, some of them are sitting back there.
Every country, worldwide. Every country in the world is ripping off our great country. Like we're children. Like taking candy from a baby. Our trade deals will be renegotiated. We won't be having trade deficits of $500 billion a year with China anymore folks. They won't be taking our jobs out of here and Kentucky, and lots of other places.
How about when the president of China came over a few weeks ago, and we give him a state dinner, and all he does is rip us off? It's unbelievable. He would have gone to McDonald's, me. He goes to me. If I run and win, our country will be respected again. And China, OPEC and all of the many nations that are ripping off this great country of ours will be dealt with very, very differently.
That's the people -- they will come flooding up here as soon as you do it. It happens every time. Jason's opponent, Angie Craig... Who the hell is Angie Craig? -- also wants to take away your health care. And she refuses to support Enbridge Pipeline. You know all about that. That would bring more than 8,000 jobs to Minnesota.
I've had great success. I've enjoyed my life. I have a wonderful family. By the way, did my family do a good job, right?
Wacky Jacky has -- you don't want her. You don't want her as your senator. You don't want her as your senator. Now that name didn't come from me, that's a name that people have known because people that know her, that's what they call her, Wacky Jacky.
We're bringing our manufacturing back here. One of the things and I will tell you, it's probably, maybe the question, other than the vets. Maybe it's a question I get asked the most, OK? And that's people, young, beautiful, great people. They go to college, in many cases, borrow a lot of money to get through college.
I'm seeing this 20-storey, huge tube pouring down and fire and -- you know, fire is pouring out of it. And it used to be white, but the heat is thousands of degrees coming down. They say thousands and thousands, so it's been beat up in that trip down. And I see this massive tube, it's coming down and the fire is burning and exploding all over the place.
They've been cut off with taxes and with regulations. It's horrible what they're doing. But they've been followed by four years of misery and failure under the worst president and vice president in American history. This is the worst president and vice president. This is the worst administration in the history of our country.
You know about that, in Oshkosh, a magnificent new littoral combat ships in Marionette, a lot of ships, a lot of Humvees. I recognize Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem, and we recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, something they've been trying to get for 52 years.
This was the one that was -- they wanted, a little more expensive version, but this is the one that's a very important panel on top. And it's called anti-climb. And this was put in here just to shade us because a lot of -- lot of rough people on the other side. So, I figured you're the media, you want to be shaded.
Can you imagine? Open-borders policy for the entire world, for every criminal in the world. But she talked last night, and all she talked about was Donald Trump.
No. No. It's not George, Donald." We can't have this. Look, our country is too important. Presidency is 100% charm. Putin, 100% charm. Kim Jong Un, North Korea, 100% charm. We can't have this. This is not a game we're playing. If Biden and the Democrat socialists are elected, they will raise your taxes, bury your regulations.
This groundbreaking new center represents a clear declaration that Muslim-majority countries must take the lead in combatting radicalization, and I want to express our gratitude to King Salman for this strong demonstration of leadership. I have had the pleasure of welcoming several of the leaders present today to the White House, and I look forward to working with all of you.
He said, "I don't want to do that because my opponents will indict me." You have to give a president full and total immunity. And, you know, I liken it to, a little bit, police. You have to give them back their authority and their power because our country is crime-ridden. And when you do that, you're going to have a rogue cop, you're going to have a bad apple somewhere along the line.
We don't even want a choice. We're going to be there as Americans, and we love those people and what they've gone through. And they're all healing, and their states and territories are healing, and they're healing rapidly.
Her plan would bring in roughly 620,000 refugees from all refugee-sending nations in her first term alone, on top of all other immigration. Think of that. Think of that. What are we doing?
It was an aberration. We're run by people who truly -- At that time, four years, we were run by people that didn't have a clue. They didn't have a clue, and I'm trying to be nice when I say it that way. They allowed our beautiful USA to be laughed at, scorned and taken advantage of by everybody. We were ripped off on trade by nations all over the world, both friend and foe.
And he spoke badly about Bush. He spoke badly about Obama's. He speaks badly about everything. Never met the guy, never saw him, I saw him on television didn't like him. The end result was -- look where we are. He's a mess, OK? He's the mess. So he goes out and he says negative things about me. I never met him.
And a man came over to the White House two days later wearing the most beautiful suit I think I've ever seen. And I wanted to ask him, "Who is your tailor?" But I didn't think that would be an appropriate way to start the negotiation. Most gorgeous looking. The guy was a handsome guy. That suit was like perfect.
And, you know, Sheriff Joe from Arizona, he's like a great guy. He endorsed me last week. And he endorsed me. And let me tell you, he's a tough guy at the border. That's one thing. And he said, "Trump is the toughest at the border." But I don't want to just be tough. We want to be smart. We want people to come into our country, but they have to come into our country legally, right?
What a bunch of losers. I revoked the security clearances of Anthony Blinken, Jake Sullivan, John Brennan, James Clapper and every non-patriot who lied to cover up Hunter Biden's laptop from hell. We took away their security clearances, and they're not allowed to enter any government building either. I also revoked Joe Biden's security clearances, the Biden crime family security clearances, and they'll no longer be allowed to access state secrets while selling themselves all around the world.
They should be ashamed of themselves.
You get the prices down a little bit more, that's gonna stop it. I'm very disappointed in President Putin. But, uh, you know, they're losing. They're killing 5,000 people a week, plus. Anywhere from 5 to 7,000 people a week are dying for no reason whatsoever. We've removed an estimated 100,000 unnecessary bureaucrats from the federal government.
And, for the people that can't afford that, we're going to take care of them. And, I tell you what, I've never had one person -- and I have the biggest crowds of anybody, I've never had one person stand up and say that's not Republican, except for the eggheads. They say, you can't do that. We got to take care of people. We can't have people dying in the streets. We can't have our vets, as an example, dying waiting in line because they can't get to see a doctor. [Applause]
It's a catastrophic situation beyond imagination. Repealing Obamacare" is one of the single-most important reasons we must win on November 8th. She wants to keep it. [Applause]""t's a catastrophic situation beyond imagination. Repealing "Obamacare" is one of the single-most important reasons w""'s a catastrophic situation beyond imagination. Repealin"
They've pursued visions of justice and accountability, promoted private property and the rule of law, and embraced systems that value hard work and individual enterprise.
I'll tell you this great. All right, you're getting him out? Where is he? Where is he? Huh? Go ahead get him out. Right. Get him out. OK. That's fine. He's not going to hurt anybody. You know what I always tell them. Be very gentle. Please don't hurt them. This way I don't get bad press, OK? Don't hurt him.
[Inaudible] And give them to some of the people. OK?
We have a massive trade deficit with China, a deficit that we have to find a way quickly, and I mean quickly, to balance. A strong and smart America is an America that will find a better friend in China, better than we have right now. Look at what China is doing in the South China Sea. They're not supposed to be doing it.
Our borders have been absolutely erased. Millions of illegal aliens are invading from all over the world, are invading us like a military invasion. Might as well be a military invasion, but they're invading our country. Our middle class is being crushed by Biden's crippling inflation. Violent criminals are running wild in Democrat-run cities.
No, they don't want to run against me. But they say -- very smart. They're good. They're misinformation people, disinformation and/or misinformation. Lot of people don't know the difference. There's very little difference, but we'll say it's both disinformation, misinformation. They say, "Yeah, we want to run against Trump.
I'm fighting, all of us across the country are fighting for a peaceful regime change in our country. The media/donor/political complex that's bled this country dry has to be replaced with a new government of, by and for the people. [Applause]
Historic. Big thing, confidence. You remember the previous administration? They said, oh, you can't bring back manufacturing jobs. Really? You can't bring back... That was wrong. Remember they said you'd need a magic wand. Well, we've got -- I guess we have, right -- we have a magic wand. And those are our great jobs.
And then when Biden came in, he approved it, but he ended the Keystone pipeline, the one in America. So he got it a little mixed up, didn't he, huh? Nordstream 2, I said we're ending Nordstream 2. Everybody said what is Nordstream 2? I said that's the massive Russian pipeline where they're going to make a fortune, where they're going to Germany and all countries in Europe.
For years, you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Ohio. Thank you. You know, Biden used to say that he's made a lot of mistakes because he was never sure where the hell he was, right? So let's say, like, that line, sort of, like, maybe a lesser version of it.
With your vote, we are just 10 days away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life.
I said they should have stopped that debate in the middle. That's a great expression, right boxing? You know you learn UFC, if that were a fight, they would have stopped it, but Mike was great and he's done great and he did great with this whole thing. But the Governors would say on conference calls, all 50, usually, almost all of them are because they all wanted everything.
We thought South Carolina. We thought Vegas would be an interesting place to have a baby. A much different deal, but she probably like it during the next week or two she'll have a baby and she's been spectacular to have Tiffany and have Baron and they're all -- they're all very good kids. So, hopefully they'll stay that way.
You see the records that are being broken? Swimming, 38 seconds, you know. Is it a record that stood for 11 years? They'd break it by maybe 1/100th of a second. He broke it by 38 seconds. The best, though, are the weightlifting records, you know, with one hand, boom, the record is broken. It's ridiculous.
This is the behavior of fascists, and as bad as you can get. The point of cancel culture is not to convince you, it's to humiliate you and break you and control you. But the American people will never submit, we will never apologize, and we not be controlled, and never be broken. No, nobody's seen anything let's, what's going on.
OK. We have to get rid of at least some of the debt if not all. We're up to $19 trillion and we have a country that's in serious debt. I want to -- I want to get rid of Obamacare. We want to repeal it and we want to replace it. We want to replace it with something terrific. And we have a lot of options. There are so many options and I don't know if you see your premiums are going through the roof, right?
... and use that money to support America's vital environmental infrastructure and natural resources. We're spending hundreds of billions of dollars. We don't even know who's doing what with the money. We're gonna spend the money here. We're gonna work on our own environment. [Applause]
Their plan is called Medicare for All, except they have no money. But it's really Medicare for none. Their plan would rob American seniors of the benefits they have paid -- and they've paid these benefits and they've paid so much money for their entire lives and you take it away. [Audience Member shouts] Thank you, darling.
We are one people and one family with one glorious American destiny. We all share the same home. We all share the same heart. We all salute the same flag. And we are all made by the same almighty God.
We had -- did a great job. Remember, I said drill, baby, drill. You just keep drilling. And we got it so low that they were going to all go out of business. We had to say slow down a little bit. I had them drilling. They were going to drill themselves right out of business. It was going so low. Remember? We actually had a couple of days where it was down to $1.47 for gasoline for the car, and we had to get it up a little.
That's not happening anymore, folks, not happening. We've ended the war on American energy and the United States is now the No. 1 producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world, bigger than Russia and bigger than Saudi Arabia, can you believe that? Can you believe that? Three years. Thank you very much.
He wants everybody out of jail, and by the way, he wants to get rid of your police. Fetterman is a defunded the police Marxist who's just pulling the wool over people's eyes, who literally said that if he had a magic wand and could fix one thing, he would end life sentences without parole for murderers, cop killers, rapist, and other monstrous criminals, that's what he said.
... you take a look at what's registering, folks. They like to say Trump, Trump, Trump. Take a look at what's registering. We are going to protect the integrity of the ballot box and we are going to defend the votes of the American citizen, so important.
After Hillary, here is what the world looks like:
How come if they're selling those cars, we owe them money, think of it put on your business. So you have a natural instinct for this stuff, you know, right? If we -- if we buy all these cars, why do I -- why do we owe that money, but we owe them because they take all that money that they make and they buy our bonds and we owe -- and we're paying interest on them and we owe them money. So it'll change, it can change it's, not even gonna be hard. We have the cards, people don't realize.
Think of that? But as we're working closely with your Governor to bring drug prices down even more here in Florida and other states if they wanted and they all would want it. And as what Ron said, we're allowing your state to buy the identical drug oftentimes made in the same factory from other countries where the prices are 50%, 60% and 70% lower.
They were hoaxes. Congressman Lee Zeldin. He's great, and he's a big part of our campaign. And I want to bring him to Washington with us. He's a great lawyer. Get ready. Ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, who's fantastic. A mayor who was a fantastic mayor, very shy kind of a guy. He took crime. It was terrible.
But those sanctions were lifted by a corrupt Biden administration and now Iran as a rich country with $200 billion and another 6 billion for hostages and $10 billion for electricity to Iraq all compliments of the incompetent Biden administration. And China with Taiwan is next. We are a nation that allows radical left terrorists to violently attack our cities, leaving behind massive destruction and death.
So I wrote him a note, Congratulations. I'm only beating you in your home state by 26 points. [Applause] So, anyway who cares, but -- but they did something that nobody reported, they say, yeah, but do people like Trump. By the way, this election is not gonna be like, I think I'm a nice person.
In fact, I asked him for the name of his tailor. Then when I found out how much he paid for the suit, I said, forget it, keep it. But he was a handsome devil. And I said, listen, you're going to have to do a few things. You're going to have to give me 28,000 soldiers. Tom Homan was up before. He's fantastic.
Well, you're just upset because she always believed in tying her shoelaces during the national anthem, right? Remember? That was when she tied her shoelaces, during the national anthem. But for that, they got the greatest arms dealer, they say, in the history of mankind. That was the trade, and he's out there buying arms for Russia right now and happily buying all sorts of military equipment.
Early voting is underway here in Arizona, and we're doing great in Arizona. I don't know if you've been hearing, they got a problem. They got a problem. We've got to make it too big to rig. Too big to rig, right? But if you want, vote by mail tomorrow. It's your last day to request a ballot, but you can cast your early vote in person all the way through November 1st.
I don't know much about Visa, but she sold her position. That was OK, except the following day, they announced that Visa is going to be indicted or something bad is going to happen to them by the Department of Justice. Does anything happen? Nothing happens. They sold a day before the news came out, and she walked away, and then the stock, I assume, went down like a rock, right? What a disgraceful -- and then she sits back, oh, we're going to this or that.
China is coming that move into Mexico. China is coming and dumping the steel making it and dumping the steel, making it and dumping the steel, making it impossible for your steel plants. They're impossible for your steel plants. They're impossible for your steel plants. They're devaluing their currencies.
We're going to make our country smart again. People are going to respect us again. They don't respect us now. When you see 10 young sailors sitting in a boat on their hands and knees with their hands up in the air, and they're in a begging position, and you have thugs with guns to their head making them say whatever they want to say, and the only reason we got them back is that, they happen to be smart, the Iranians.
You're going to remember this day. This is a movement like nobody's ever seen in this country before. Even our enemies admit that. We're going to make history together, you're going to look back at the election, on November 8th, and you're going to say it is the most important vote you've ever cast because that's when our country started working again. That's when our country -- [Applause]
They will own it. China's wonderful. There has never been anyone or anything or any country that has ripped us off like China. We will win. You will win. Michigan will win. And America will win. You got to go and vote. So we're joined today by some great warriors. I introduced one, but I'll introduce him again, because he's so important, and that's John, but Representatives Jack Bergman.
It's wonderful. Hello out there. I hope you're enjoying it. Big, big, beautiful screens. We have big screens, not quite like being in the third row, first row. But Liam Licastro is here, and he is a great young man. He's gone through a lot, but he's going to be better soon. Right, Liam? And I got him the most beautiful present.
Goodrich Lighting Systems -- we will, I promise. I promise. [Applause]
The problem is, America wasn't great. America wasn't great because what happened in the last two years, we couldn't use that. America isn't great anymore, but it's going to be greater than it ever was, OK? But we couldn't use -- we couldn't use the words keep America great. Do you agree in the front row? Are you a front-row Joe?
That's what it is. They're not happy. And we're giving the rebate that creates tremendous wealth for the middle man, the rebate. It's going to the people now. We're bringing the rebate and it's going to the people. They are not happy. I have a lot of people in that industry do not like me too much. But you are going to get 50. You are going to get, and the Democrats would never do it, Biden would never do it because he doesn't understand it, but they would never do it.
No, it said, I pledge. And for that pledge, they got access to millions of dollars' worth of material from the Republican National Committee, the RNC. Reince Priebus. A great guy. By the way, great guy. He's doing a great job. Got to tell you. Reince Priebus, doing a great -- and if he wasn't, I'd tell you. And if he doesn't over the next four or five weeks, I'll tell you.
No tax, no nothing. So we lose the jobs, we lose the buildings, we lose real estate taxes, we lose all sorts of taxes. We get nothing. And then, not only that, Carrier is going to sell air conditioners. So they're going to be competing with companies that we have, like Trane and others that sell air conditioners, that ideally make them in the United States.
You know it. And she's not -- look, folks, honestly, you couldn't give her a shot. You're wasting your time. You're wasting your time. She's not going to be able to do the job. She's not going to be able to do the job. Just look at her record. But forget her record, not going to be able to do the job. She doesn't have a clue.
We will restore patriotic education to our schools, and we will teach our children to love their country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. We love our great American flag. We love that flag. We will not, by the way, have men participating in women's sports, if that's OK. Did you see the swimming record?
They should not stop. She said she was endorsing to fund the place and the police, and she said, violent mobs -- "Let the violent mobs keep going. Let them keep going. We love what they're doing. We love what they represent." This is the lunatic that the fake news is trying to build up to be the next Margaret Thatcher.
Under Terry, Iowa's economy is stronger, its farmers more successful, its schools better, its communities more prosperous, and its citizens safer. And I want to tell you that's three decades. This is one great man.
They won -- the Penn State won the national championship. But listen to this, 11 out of the last 13 years, even Jim Jordan would be impressed by that. Jim Jordan is a great guy. He's a great wrestler, all-American wrestler, Jim. You can see it by the way he acts, not afraid of anything, right? And I looked at those guys, and they're rough as hell.
Despite everything they've thrown at us, we've done more in the first three and a half years than any administration in history and the best is yet to come. It's true. A recent Gallup poll just came out. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you. A Gallup poll just came out that found that 56% of Americans say they're better off today than they were under sleepy Joe and Obama.
She came in and a fiance permanent or some nonsense. And she was radicalized and he was probably radicalized by her or he was already radicalized and people knew that they were radicalized. And people in the area knew that they had bombs all over. Who the hell doesn't know, your the next door neighbor and they didn't want to talk about it. You've got to report these people.
Have to do it, we have to get better, better, sharper, smarter.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Like those patriots before us, we will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield, and we will never give in. We will never give up, and we will never ever, ever back down. With your support, we will go on to victory the likes of which no one has ever seen before. We will evict the worst president in the history of our country from the White House on November 5th, 2024. The great silent majority is rising like never before and, under our leadership, the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer like four year ago.
And as a builder, I am very honored to receive their endorsement. They gave me a unanimous endorsement today. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. That's a great honor. And we were also endorsed by, unanimously, the Border Patrol, unanimously. And I say modestly, they said he's the greatest president we've ever had and the strongest on the border.
When I campaigned during the primaries, I saw everything, and it was so sad to see communities that have just been left jobless, where the companies have moved to other countries. Mexico in particular, but other countries.
Does Louie Gohmert have mansions all over Texas? I don't think so. Got one house and that's enough. That's all you need, right? Louie wants to go home to his bathroom and his bedroom and use his one toothbrush. No, but Joe's got a lot of toothbrushes yet. Not a single member of our treacherous, corrupt political establishment has ever experienced anything like the deranged and demented persecution.
But now it's OK to say it, Mike. Now, it's fine. No, that's why--when it comes to a day where you can't challenge crooked elections, we've got a real problem in this country and as of January 20th, 2025, the dark days of high taxes, crushing regulations, rampant inflation, flagrant, corruption, government weaponization and total incompetence, those days are over, they're over.
So if you don't mind, I'll start bringing that up with some of our good friends. We're going to cut our tax rate to the very competitive number of 20 percent, as I said, and we're going to create jobs and factories will be pouring into this country.
And I said, We have to help. And I didn't know too much about it. But I said, You know what makes sense to me? They wait for the doctors, they can't get in. You know what makes sense to me? Let them go out to a private doctor who's looking for business, and let the government pay. Right?
Isn't this better than my speech? [Audience responds affirmatively] Isn't this? No, because, honestly, somebody's got to talk about it. They say, "Sir, I'd rather have you not talk about it. I -- we have a certain network. Oh, if you even mention the fact that there's cheating in an election, they turn you off."
We won Wisconsin. And you know, they were coming. We won Pennsylvania. Anyway, at the end of the evening, they were analyzing it. They said, "You know what? Donald Trump did great with women." [Inaudible] and that's gonna happen again because women, suburban or otherwise, they want security. They want security.
From 1945-2001, our economy grew at an average rate of 3.5%. OK. That's not great by the way. That's not great. If China goes below 7%, that's like, you know, world scandal. They go to 7%. It's like our -- we're -- we're bragging about 3.5. Well, now, we have almost nothing. After China joined the World Trade Organization, our growth rate has been cut in half.
You had voter ID, and it was same-day. So, you had same-day, voter ID, all paper ballot. The election was over at 10 o'clock. The numbers were cast. Everybody went home. Congratulations. There were tears, and there was, joy, you know. And that's what we should do, same-day voting, because when you have voting that lasts for 44 days and everybody's looking around and moving things around and -- why is this truck here?
There's nobody done what we've done between our military, between our trade, between our energy independence, between all of the things we could go on forever. But Biden vowed to remove those tariffs. He wants to remove the tariffs. You know when I made the deal with China, I'd have to leave the tariffs.
They don't like that. The Democrats want to get rid of ICE. So these are great Americans. By the way, ICE, great Americans. They happen to be tough people. I think we need some tough people, they're tough. MS-13 doesn't like ICE and that's why I like ICE. But they really are, they're great Americans, they love our country and they're not treated properly,  they're not treated properly.
Lowest that its been in so many years, 51 years. Nearly 12 million people and more Americans are dependent on food stamps and 2 million more Latino Americans live in poverty under Obama and Clinton -- under Obama; because Clinton's just gonna carry on.
Pete. [Audience chants "Pete"] Wow, that's pretty good. How are the Houthis doing? Not too good, right? Our new administrator of the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, somebody that everybody knows, but this guy, you know, the show was a big success, but sometimes it hurts your image to have a television show.
Now you have a critical role to play in forging a new legacy of American greatness that will inspire and endure for generations to come. It's a very important time in our country's history, in our country's life.
I told you, $21 trillion very soon, and we're protecting the world. This is in 30, in 40, in 50 years ago, folks. We're living in a different time. Instruct the treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. Instruct US trade representatives to bring cases against China's unfair subsidy behavior.
Boy, that WikiLeaks has done a job on her, hasn't it? [Applause]
I have lobbies asking me for everything, but I have no lobby asking me for that. It's just something I feel -- I've always felt and I've seen so many of them, met so many of them. And they want to just take care of their son or their husband or their daughter. I mean, they just want to take care of these people.
Sixty-five percent of African-American children under the age of six now live in poverty. More than 3,000 people have been shot in the city of Chicago this year. This year. Think of it, since Jan.
We had no wars. Think about it. Putin would have never gone in. Iran was broke. I told China, "If you buy one barrel of oil from Iran, you're not doing any more business in the United States." And they didn't buy any. They didn't buy any. And we would have had a deal with Iran within one week after the election if the election didn't take that horrible turn.
They don't get rich by this. But we're going to give them back essentially what they lost. They would -- they were destroyed by inflation, their fixed income. They were destroyed. But also, with -- you know, they work so hard. This was -- a young waitress came up to me. "How are you doing?" "Well, I'm having problems."
towels not nearly as good and he can't send his tile to those countries because
Joe Biden and the Democrat Party are incapable of solving any problems. Crooked Joe Biden is a low IQ individual. He is truly the worst, most incompetent and most corrupt president in the history of our country. Other than that, I think quite a bit of him. Can you believe what's going on in our country? Can you believe what's going on with the border?
He has no clue and he's not a nice guy. You know, just so you understand, not in this guy. If he was a nice guy, I wouldn't hit him like this, but he's not a nice guy. He's a bad guy. He's always been a dummy, but he's always been -- he's never been -- no, no, in his best of years, he was considered a dumb guy.
I mean, we're not talking about some little place. We're talking about Seattle. Have you ever been to Seattle? They took over a big chunk and the Governor who's a radical left, all of these places I talk about are Democrat. You know that, every one of them, every one of them. And I have an offer out, I said, anytime you want, we'll come in, we'll straighten it out in one hour or less.
Don't go into Iraq. You're gonna destabilize the Middle East. We spent $2 trillion in Iraq and now, it's much more than that. But $2 trillion that was it as of two years ago. Thousands of lives, wounded warriors, who I love, love all over the place, OK? We have nothing. We have nothing. We have to start rebuilding our country.
People said there were going to be big problems. There will be blood shed all over the Middle East. It never happened. It never happened. And we had it recognized, Jerusalem, as the capital of Israel. It was a great thing. It was a great day, actually. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights.
They happen to play nicer. And normally that's okay, but I tell the Republicans, "You guys have to get tougher. You're going to have to get tougher." And by the way, because they came at me before I even won the election, they were coming at me with the Russia hoax and all the other hoaxes and scams. They made it up. It was all made up stuff.
But we're going to build safe zones in Syria and we have to do that because what's happening is just a horrible thing, what's happening. But we have enough problems in our country. A Trump administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a great wall, and yes, Mexico will pay for the wall.
And I heard Mike, Governor Pence, talking about 1.2 growth -- 1.2 percent growth, the lowest in memory since the 1940's. When you think about it, it's the lowest. So a lot of differences between all of us, but I thought I would mention -- because I've known Hillary Clinton over the years -- I know her -- and she makes statements. She makes statements and they are statements coming out of her playbook.
She hasn't been there for four years, the border czar. I'm not the border czar. Oh, for years she was the border czar. Right now, she's saying -- because it's the worst border in history. But she's going to the border, it's very interesting. But you know what I asked? Even her policies now, they're crazy, they're crazy.
They want to go all electric. I said, "What's wrong with it?" He said, "Well, the problem is the batteries are so heavy that the boat can't carry them, they would sink." And if we did it where they could go for at least a moderate period of time, they'd be so big that cover the entire boat. And he said to me, he said, "You know, nobody's ever asked me this question." I said, "So what would happen if you're in an all-battery boat?" The whole boat is practically battery.
I'm not doing this. I'm not doing this to get a nomination because frankly, you know, I had a call from one of the top reporters really in the world, and is very smart on the liberal side. But every once in a while you have to take those calls too, right? And said, "How does it feel?" I said, "How does what feel?" What you've done has never been done before.
They don't want Caterpillar tractors built in Peoria. They don't want Caterpillar tractors built in the United States. They want to built over there. Well, why are we doing this? Why are we doing this? It's no great secret. And if they're going to manipulate their currency and hurt us very badly, and this is, again, other countries also, why aren't we taxing them so that their product becomes more expensive?
Otherwise, we're going to have to charge your tariffs because we're not going to stand for it when people are pouring into our -- and we have the worst laws because Congress over the years has made it so weak. If you're a soldier and you talk rudely to somebody, they end up giving you the electric chair, OK?
Former congressman. He's great. He's in charge of Truth Social, which is hot. It's my voice. But I said, "Why are all these areas so barren? And then you have a little tiny, beautiful little green spot right in the middle?" They said, "They don't give us any water." I said, "But you must have a horrible drought." "We don't have a drought." You have to see this.
Because it caught on. It caught on. Unbelievably caught on. And then Mueller did the report. Eighteen angry Democrats. There were sick, angry Democrats. And I think I had an angel in the room because they came up and they said I did nothing, but they would've written whatever they would've written. They're very dishonest people.
I had a nice life. I had a nice, easy life. But I'm taking it for you because we're going to make our country great again, we're going to put America first, and we're doing it for you. But even The New York Times, in a major article, big article, and they must hate -- probably, the writer was fired after he said this, but it said, headlines, it said that, "When it comes to asking for documents from former presidents, the only power that NARA has is to say, 'Pretty please.'" Quote, "Asking nicely is about all they can do." And yet they reported me to the Department of Justice for criminal prosecution.
The reason I've come to address the bitcoin community today can be summed up in two very simple words, America first. Because if we don't do it, China's going to be doing, others are going to be doing it. Let's do it and do it right. My vision is for an America that dominates the future. We have the best economy, the highest standard of living, the safest, the most beautiful cities.
I would say keep America great. Remember? Keep America -- but I can't say that now because, right now -- right now, America is a failing nation. It's a failing -- very sadly, failing nation. When I'm in the White House, the entire world will know that America is strong, America is safe, and that we are going to take care of our people.
Two days ago, Joe Biden called our supporters garbage. He called them garbage. [Audience boos] That's worse than deplorables, isn't it? Remember Hillary? How did that work out with deplorables? Well, garbage is working out even worse for him. They called you, all of us garbage. We're garbage. And I believe we have 250 million people.
But we make -- the hardest thing are the ventilators because of the complexity of the machine, and the cost and the size and -- but the pure complexity. And we make thousands of ventilators now a month, and we're sending them all over the world. We're all set with the ventilators, but we're sending them all over the world. [Applause]
Thank you. Go ahead, how about -- go ahead.
And Hannity? How good is that? How good is Hannity? And he's a great guy, and he's an honest guy. And "Fox and Friends in the Morning" is the best show, and it's the absolute, most honest show, and it's the show I watch. Not only does -- oh boy, those cameras are going off.
To me that's like one of the biggies. Jobless claims just fell to their lowest level in nearly 50 years. Now they don't report these things because they're fake news, you know. Manufacturing jobs are growing at the fastest rate in more than 30 years. Now, President Obama said there's no such thing as a manufacturing job essentially any more, that you're not going to get them back.
But they said, this was one better because last time was aspirational. I said, "We're going to get this
And many of those people were people you do not want to have in your country, and we'll discuss that in a couple of seconds. But ever since Iran has been exporting terror all over the world, and it's been just unraveling. The whole Middle East has been unraveling. But, of course, the whole world has been unraveling since we left office.
So after this, I'm going to New Hampshire, and then I'm going to Michigan. Oh, we're going to have a great victory tomorrow folks, we're going to have a great victory. [Applause]
You don't say, Oh let's debate. Let's debate. But I won every single debate. We debated 11 times. Every single debate and by the way, he wasn't even coming in second and third most of the time. So now he goes, Donald Trump won't debate. Honestly folks, let's not waste our time. You know what we're going to be doing.
If you want a president who won't even try to save you when the floodwaters are rising, vote for Kamala. She's not the right person. Look, you know what? If they were -- if they did a good job, I wouldn't have run. To be honest with you, I didn't need to do this. I didn't need to. If I thought they were doing an even modestly good job, I wouldn't have run.
I mean, the fact is not winnable without us. And now we're stronger than ever before. You know, I rebuilt the military in my first term. We had a great first term. Everywhere. We had the greatest economy ever, stock market up 88 percent, the biggest rise ever. All of that stuff, but the second term is going to be even better.
Many workers are earning less money than they were earning in real dollars in 1970 and then you wonder why they're angry, you wonder why they really want a voice. And the voice is us. I mean we have a movement going on, its been an amazing thing and the polls are getting very close, very, very close. It's very interesting what's happening.
I don't know. Do they know what the hell is happening? If I don't win this election, and the Jewish people would really have a lot to do with that if that happens because at 40 percent, that means 60 percent of the people are voting for the enemy. Israel, in my opinion, will cease to exist within two years, and I believe I'm 100 percent right.
Just let them come in. Let them come in. They're not doing anything. They're doing paperwork now. They have them sitting and people are just flowing in by the millions. They have now a caravan. I came up with that name. They won't say that, by the way. The fake news is back there. You got a lot of fake news back there.
The legislator -- Well, you know that. Does anybody think the media is honest? Does anybody think they're totally corrupt and dishonest? [Crowd chants "Yes!"] All right. The legislation will also officially establish something that's so important to me, because it's where it's at and a lot of people used to smile and now outside of the wall, which were building, you know the wall is going up, it gets one of the biggest applause of anything.
Hillary Clinton, Hillary Clinton doesn't have a clue when it comes to what we're talking about. And by the way she's controlled by all of the people that don't want the jobs to come back, OK. She has control and she's controlled by the open border people folks. She wants open borders. She wants people to flood in. You know what they just did in the state of Virginia?
You have seven desks. They have these incredible vaults in the White House and in storage areas, and they have different desks. But the Resolute Desk, to me, was so beautiful, such a great history. So many great presidents sat behind it, and I chose that. And I'll tell you, your country did really well when I was sitting behind the Resolute Desk.
We eliminated a record number of regulations and we ended the war on a thing called American Energy which is very good for Texas. Since my election, natural gas production in Texas has increased 35%, and oil production has increased by 60%, 60, and the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world.
So they do a commercial, Hillary. Do you see? With the beautiful little children watching. As I'm supposedly mocking a person with disabilities. And I spend millions a year or millions of dollars on ramps and get rid of the stairs and different kinds of elevators. All over. And I'm going to mock -- I would never do that.
You know, he leaks to crazy CNN, see, with a little red light on. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Not too many people are watching CNN, but he leaks. So, he'll say it, you know, off the record, I got to hurry up because everyone's watching me in the hallway of my cellphone. Off the record, they've got the No. 1 terrorist in the world, Soleimani, and they're going to get him.
He could be that piece of wood that was left on the ground. Biden will hand the left-wing mob the keys to your kids' classroom. Earlier today, I took a historic stand against the hateful lies being fed to America's youth, their parents know all about it. And I -- I checked they're doing it in Wisconsin too.
I want to thank Secretary Ross who's here with us today and Secretary Acosta. And they've been fighting for your jobs, for our jobs for a long time. We're also joined by the three true friends of American steel workers, Representative Mike Bost, Rodney Davis and John Shimkus. Fellas, thank you very much.
I said, "Vladimir, you and I are friends. We're good friends. But if you go in, we're going to hit real hard." I can't tell you what I told him because it would be not a nice thing. But he said, "No way you would do that. There's no way." I said, "Way." They go, "No way." And you know what? The end result, I did a poor job.
Thank you, and God bless you all. God bless America. Thank you.
I said where are the women? Where are the children? There are some but there aren't very many. And I mean, seriously, I -- maybe it's not but this could be the Trojan Horse. So I thought I'd say this to you. I don't do it often but it's a sort of thing that was written years ago and it's very -- it's called the Snake.
They don't let any of this get out. They don't want any of it to get out. Nobody knew this. We have learned more in the last two weeks about the media and about the tech giants -- Big tech. We've learned a lot. We've learned a lot. But you know what? The worst -- perhaps it's very hard for them -- Take a look at this.
The baby is born. They decide they don't want the baby after birth. Look at the former governor of Virginia, right? After birth. Remember that one. In the Republican Party, we believe that every life is a sacred gift from God. In addition, my administration protected religious Liberty and the conscience rights of faith-based groups like the Little Sisters of the Poor, wonderful people.
If I win, day one, we are going to announce our plans to renegotiate NAFTA. If we don't get the deal we want, we'll leave NAFTA and start over to get a much better deal.
But that wasn't the only mistake. Because of 800, it became 1,800 people. And I said that, he said, send them back. I said, OK, reverse your error, they say, we can't do that, it's against the Constitution. I said, really? These people -- these people. We are the movement of the future. We're asking for the votes of Republicans, Democrats, Independents, and first-time voters, and they're all over the place. You see that on the line. [Applause]
But I had legal rights to it. Do you believe how good -- how good am I at this time? So we put them on notice. They weren't allowed to use that. Make America great again. The plane was landing before and the pilot saying, "Coming in, coming in. OK. You're cleared to land. Make America Great Again. This is from the control tower." and my pilot said, "Mr. Trump heard that, I wanted to kiss those people." Make America Great Again.
Early voting starts on October 20th, so you have to get out there. But November 8th, that's our day. November 8th, right? November 8th.
Good job. He didn't know that was going to happen. That was a very good job. And another one with tremendous spirit, I watched her on television two days ago, defending me and fighting for me. Karoline Leavitt. Karoline, where are you, Karoline? Hi, sweetheart. Boy, you're doing a job. She's doing a job.
So, just in concluding, in everything we do, Republicans are fighting for the values that bring us together as one nation, under God. We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand up for the heroes of law enforcement. We reject globalism and we embrace patriotism. We believe that there is no treasure on Earth more valuable than our American citizenship.
What? Obama is going to campaign for him. I said, well, that's good news. He campaigned harder than Hillary Clinton did for Hillary and it just made us stronger. I want him to campaign so much. I want him to campaign you know because we're going to do even better, but it is true. By issuing Joe Biden, a tremendous defeat at the ballot box, but it's not Joe Biden.
That's OK. Because that's what's happening; we've never seen anything like going on right now. You can have very big numbers announced tomorrow. I don't know what they are, but a lot of big predictions.
Think of it, they'll be sending them, they'll be dumping them in neighborhoods. People are going to be picking them up. They'll be bribing. They'll be paying off people to grab some. This is going to be one of the greatest scams. And it's common sense. This has nothing to do with politics. It's common sense.
Great job, Daniel. So proud of you. Wow, he won by a lot. He won by a lot. That was a lot of fun we had. We were there the night before and it was -- it was some evening. That was some evening. But that was a tremendous record. You -- you set a record, as you know, for what you were running for. It's been a long time too.
But I hear -- that's just happening, but I hear a lot of people are very upset that that FBI situation was not pursued. This is having to do with other things, beyond all of the things that [Inaudible]. You know, I thought for a while, I said, wow, because it was point after point after point, I said, well, she's guilty. And then all of the sudden, however, we've decided -- it's really bad.
They took the soldiers out first. You have to take the soldiers out last. It's very simple. Milley should have been fired, all those generals. Kelly should have been -- Kelly was such a disaster. You know, some people are good. Some people are not good. Some people are stupid. But who would think that you take the soldiers out first? Mattis made big mistakes.
Go ahead. Just got out of football practice.
Nobody knew that. Nobody knew that. I knew it. So, you basically couldn't even deal with Canada. But those days are gone. Our dairy exports are set to increase by more than $300 million dollars per year. Poultry exports to Canada could jump by nearly 50 percent. Exports of eggs to both Canada and Mexico could skyrocket by as much as 500 percent, and maybe even 1,000 percent.
China has done more for us than they have ever done for any other President or ever done for this country, and I respect that. I res... 'cause need that. Stopping the flow of goods, it's very important. And we put sanctions on.
And then you have October. And, you know, it used to be on November 5th, you vote. But November 5th, meaning November 5th period, meaning this election will be the most important election in the history of our country. We're going to save our country with this election. So, all of their persecution is only happening because I am running for president and leading very big in all of the polls, including big leads against Kamala.
They used COVID to cheat. We're never going to let it happen again. And they took off all the sanctions, and they did everything possible for Iran. And now Iran is very close to having a nuclear weapon, which would have never happened. This is a shame what this administration, the damage that this administration has done.
This applies to Nabisco that's moving out from Chicago and it's moving into Mexico. And I'm not eating Oreos anymore. So here's the story. Here's the story. I say -- because it's just too easy. I have to do it myself. I know it's not presidential. I'm not supposed to be calling up air conditioner companies.
You know, he's really been a great friend of mine for a long time. Each and every one of the Guard members here today inherits the proud spirit of the citizen soldier running all the way back to the Minutemen who stood against tyranny at Concord Bridge. Has everybody heard of Concord Bridge? Yes, I think so.
I said, "That didn't work out too well." But we didn't have one attack because we were tough. We were very tough on the border. We were very tough with the ban. We had a terror ban, we called it. You know, when somebody comes out of a country that wants to destroy the United States, typically, they're not ideal.
Charles, I don't really know. Charles Koch. I saw him interview. He had a broken leg and he had Bermuda shorts on. I said, "If I had a broken leg, I wouldn't be wearing Bermuda shorts during an interview." I thought it was the worst interview I've ever seen. Under the Trump administration, you were better off, your family was better off, your neighbors were better off, your communities were better off, and our country was better off.
Shutter your schools, destroy your small businesses, and shut down our country. We're not doing that. Look, we are setting records. 11.4 million people, it's all opened up. We understand it, and we are doing a job. We are literally setting records, unemployment, look at housing, look at automobile production, look at how you're doing in Nebraska.
Where ticket prices have tripled, they don't have the pilots to fly the planes, they don't seek qualified air traffic controllers, and they just don't know what the hell they're doing. We are a nation that screens its citizens viciously in all ports. But if you're an illegal alien, you're allowed to flow through by the millions and millions and millions.
I did the other four courses -- so incredible, and everybody loves it. And this member came up to me and said, "Mr. Trump, this is what has to happen with the United States." And I said, "You're right. Because it's simple." Our infrastructure is crumbling. Our roads are no good. Our bridges are no good. I mean, you people have a big dose of it right here.
People who have nothing to hide don't smash phones with hammers. People who have nothing to hide don't bleach their emails, or destroy evidence to keep it from being publicly archived as required under federal law.
And we also need a no-holds-barred national campaign to dismantle organized crimes. These are street crimes. Organized crime today is on the streets, and this administration doesn't want to talk about that crime. They want to talk about what they think are other crimes, and many people say they're not crimes.
She's crooked as a $4 bill. You know, I've never held a microphone up so long in my damn life. It's like I'm weightlifting. Sucker's heavy. But she's crooked as hell, right? Crooked Hillary. But she was less -- like, she didn't lie this way. This woman, "Trump is going to do -- he's going to terminate your Social Security in his first week in office."
We will defend our religious liberty. [Applause]
And then what happens? We leave and we have a president that announces the date of when we're leaving. So I said, man, if I'm the enemy, I'm just going to go away for 18 months, right? He gave a date. We are leaving Iraq. We won't be gone by such and such a time. I said, I'm just sitting there watching and I'm saying, man, that's really stupid.
Thank you very much and great job you've done. So thank you very much, fellas. I'll see you later. Take care of yourselves. Thank you, Mike. Good job. Thank you everybody. With the help of many people here tonight, over four years, incredible years they were, we stood up for Pennsylvania like no president in history.
Do you all know what prairie potholes are? Yes, you do. I don't, but it sounds bad. [Laughter] To Val and to every farmer, we are going to keep federal regulators out of your -- out of your tanks -- your stock tanks, your drainage ditches, your puddles, and your ponds. And you know exactly what I'm talking about.
We're going to drain the swamp. We're going to save our country. We are going to drain that damn swamp. And I'll tell you, I did a hell of a job. But that sucker is deep. That's deep. It's deep. They're bad people. They happen to be bad people. A lot of people say can you bring the country together? I'll tell you, before COVID came in, a gift from China, commonly known as the China virus, I mean to be a COVID.
Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Never forget, our enemies want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom. They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you. And in the end, they're not after me, they're after you. I just happened to be standing in their way, and I always will.
They were with me when it wasn't looking that good. A lot of fake scandals were created, all fake. One of those eager new recruits is 18 year old Aiden Rollins, a recruit like I'm so proud of. Aiden's father was a sailor. His grandfather was a sailor. And after four years of Navy, ROTC, it is Aiden's turn to carry on that tradition.
If we win, we will have a better and less expensive plan that will always protect individuals with preexisting conditions. If we lose, what we have now is better than the original -- the original version of Obamacare, by far. Much better. Much better. Again, we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions.
He never had a chance, the guy works so hard, and now he's got buyers remorse. You know you look at him, if he would have done nothing, if he would have just gone home and gone to sleep he would have been so -- because he made a deal with the devil, he made a deal with the devil. And he made a bad deal, and then she picks a Vice President that's the exact opposite of everything that Bernie represents. Now I don't agree with what Bernie represents, but I mean, honestly, it was almost 50 percent of their party.
I am also going to indemnify all those policemen that were shaking my hand back there. You better be listening. Police officers, law enforcement, please listen. But we are going to indemnify police officers and law enforcement officials throughout the United States from being destroyed by the radical left for taking strong actions on crime.
I don't have a pollster. The networks are my pollsters. Every day I get a new poll. I have so much -- I'm so busy I can't read them anyway. But I've learned a lot. These guys pay -- they spend hundreds of thousands of dollars a month. So Ted Cruz couldn't poll it. So I didn't know how to answer the question.
We can't have 15 million, 16 million, 18 million people. I mean, they're taking over our schools. They're taking over our hospitals. You go to a hospital and you can't -- and, you know, you want to take care of people. They're people, whether they're American people, but it's not sustainable. It's no good.
She was so good, sir, and she was -- she was shot down, sir, in Iraq. And then they tell me what happened and how brave and how great and -- and I can't say, do me a favor. You just can't do that. And I say, every time I meet with groups of people, it's not all like that. It's also other people and you meet with [Inaudible] but I can't cancel -- like cancel culture.
I am being indicted for you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot, ladies. Never forget our enemies want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom. And in the end, they're not after me. They're after you. I'm just standing in their way. I'm standing in their way.
Almost 67 years ago, in the spring of 1951, they recaptured what remained of this city where we are gathered so proudly today. It was the second time in a year that our combined forces took on steep casualties to retake this capital from the communists.
It does inflict tremendous harm on the people that are shut out of their jobs, that are gonna lose their jobs with suicides and drugs, and alcohol and all the problems. So, Tom Wolf, uh, next time gi-give us a little notice, Governor. And I'll remember it, Tom. I'm gonna remember it, Tom. "Hello, Mr. President.
So this is called 'The Snake.' And think of it in terms of immigration. And you may love it. On her way to work one morning, down the path along the lake, a tenderhearted woman saw a poor, half-hearted, frozen snake. His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. 'Poor thing,' she cried, 'I'll take you in, and I'll take care of you.' 'Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in, for Heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,' sighed the vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk, and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk. She hurried home from work that night, and soon as she arrived, she found that pretty snake she'd taken in had been revived. 'Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for Heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,' sighed the vicious snake.
I live in Memphis, it's so beautiful. There's, uh, so many people outside. Everybody's cheering the soldiers, they're cheering. Thank you so much, sir." But we're, uh, making America safe again. And just to conclude, I signed an executive order to slash federal funding for any school that pushes transgender insanity onto our youth, which I promised during the campaign.
Look at your grocery bill. When you go for groceries now, you're paying three times what you paid two years ago. Joe Biden squandered everything we did under the catastrophe of Bidenomics. He thinks it's a good term. It's a horrible term. Wisconsin manufacturing workers are suffering, and Milwaukee's 30th Street industrial corridor is being gutted.
The first biggest was they spied on my campaign. [Audience boos] That's the biggest. And they got caught. But the second is this and they won't even talk about it. They won't talk about it, and the tech giants will shut everybody down. And you don't even hear. Here's a guy, had no job, and now all of a sudden he's making millions and millions of dollars a year, and they don't wanna talk about it, and they know it's wrong, but that's called the opposite of freedom of the press.
Such a big deal. That's a big deal. You have a bad principal. It's not going to work out. This will be the ultimate form of local control and parental rights. If you would have thought that as a politician, can you believe I'm a politician? I can't get over it. I never thought I'd say that. But, you know, as a politician that I'm always saying I will give you back parental rights.
Huge problem. She can't. So anyway and I'll bet you have a great wife, good wife?
I'll tell you something. They're only good at one thing. They stick together like glue. That's it. They have bad policy. Frankly, they're bad politicians. Everything's bad. But they stick together. We have to be very careful, they'll take everything, including your Second Amendment. They'll take everything away.
And I'm thinking medieval times, right? That's like where the chopping of the heads. And we only saw it with James Foley, this beautiful person whose parents I got to know. Incredible people. I helped them with their foundation. But these are great people. And the son was this beautiful person. And that was the first we saw of it, James Foley.
And we're working on a trade deal. We're working on a trade deal. It will be fine. And we are cracking down on China's unfair and abusive trade practices. Got to do it. We've been losing $300 billion, $400 billion, $500 billion a year to China. No more. No more. Right. No more. Can't do it. After years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation.
Twenty-two people running, 22 Democrats, they're running. I'm looking at my hair up there. Let's see. Oh, I don't like it. I don't like it. Excuse me, I'm going to recomb my hair. Do you mind? I'll leave the stage for five minutes. I'm going to recomb my hair, Mr. Future Senator. We have David down here, Mr.
But this was a woman I met when I got the endorsement from Border Patrol. That's when I met her, and she was such a nice woman. I said, "So, what happened?" "My daughter." And I guess they came and took her out of her room or something. It's not even believable. So, when you vote on Tuesday, vote in honor of Jocelyn and Laken Riley and Rachel Moran and every American who's been stolen from us.
Earlier this year, I kept my promise to American workers when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new USMCA, Mexico, Canada agreement into law. You're not going to see companies leaving from Mexico very much anymore. They're not going to be leaving your community going to Mexico, making the product, selling the product back in, not being taxed at the border.
We get peanuts, we get nothing. We get -- you know, you're right. We're getting small payment. It's a fraction, a tiny fraction. And I talk -- I -- I say all the time about South Korea. I ordered 4,000 television sets recently for a big project. They all come from South Korea. My only bidder was South Korea except for Sony, which is in Japan, and they lost their way, OK? My only bidder -- whether it's LG or whether it's Samsung.
My all-time favorite in the history of charts. Yeah. I love that chart. I'm going to sleep with that chart. That chart saved my life. Can you believe it? Just like that. I said, "Put up the chart. I went like that to look at it." Ping. That chart -- think of it. Illegal immigration saved my life. See that? That is the most beautiful document I've ever seen.
[Audience boos] And this is what we have coming into our country, and we're not going to have it any longer that I can tell you. And we're going to have to get a lot of them out fast because we're not safe. And the United States has now become essentially an occupied country. We're an occupied country.
We are just 17 days away from the most important midterm election in American history, and we need a landslide so big that the radical left cannot rig it or steal it. We have to have it big. Early voting begins this Monday, October 24th, but far better than voting by mail-in ballot. We don't like mail-in ballots.
They were closing up as fast as you can count. In a few short years, domestic steel production surged by more than 10 million tons. Imports from your foreign competitors dropped by 24 percent, almost immediately and more than $15 billion of investment poured into American steel throughout the United States, all because you had a president who stood up for our steelworkers and put America first.
It's not a bad thing. He's got a lot of nuclear weapons. It's nice if he likes you a little bit. He wouldn't return Obama's phone calls. He didn't want to even meet with him. But they said, "What would you do?" Orbn was incredible. He said, "What I'd do is I'd resign from office immediately, and I'd say, 'Bring Trump in here to run.' Because when he ran this world, we didn't have problems with Russia, with Ukraine, with Israel, with Iran, with China.
This is a terrible thing for our country. It's called freedom of speech. You should have some knowledge. Oh, I have knowledge. I have knowledge that would go up to that ceiling if they wanted to see it. We have books and studies and brilliant people saying absolutely we have political scientists, we have so much knowledge.
And it turned out to be a phony hoax. And it was a phony impeachment. And based on the laptop from hell, the impeachment should have never been. It should have never happened. In fact, it should have happened against the other side 'cause it was the other side that cheated. It was the other side that dealt with Russia.
That would have been a terrible deal and that's why I was willing to take the heat, but there was no heat. I'm still waiting. I guess at some point they'll bring it up. They'll probably bring it up. Bernie Sanders will say, "What?" I'll say, "Take a look at Paris on a Saturday afternoon, Bernie, how they doing over there?
Tremendous numbers are coming in. Everybody wants to be in the USA. You know, we're the -- we're the hot place, we're the hottest economy by far anywhere in the world. To keep jobs in America, I withdrew the United States from the disastrous job killing Paris Climate Accord. The only one upset about it in the whole country was Paris Dennard.
The Democrats' healthcare agenda would obliterate Medicare. I will always protect Medicare for our seniors, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always. We will always take care of them. Virtually every Democrat, also now supports, late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the moment of birth.
I couldn't believe it. And they were unable to answer that question. He was talking to the Secretary of State. They were unable to. How come this didn't happen? Never happened. It was never going to happen either. Putin and I had an understanding. It was never going to happen. Not even a chance, not even a little chance.
I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear catastrophe, $150 billion, $1.8 billion in cash for nothing. That deal's practically expiring now, anyway, if we didn't terminate it. I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And you know that Presidents have been talking about that for decades.
In many cases, much less than 35. Seema, in many cases, much less than the 35, right? Did you say one dollar, in some cases? What's your lowest number? Come on, Seema, let's hear it. [Audience member calls out]
We're allowing thousands of people. We don't know who they are, where they're from. We know nothing about them. Thousands and thousands are pouring into our country. And crooked Hillary Clinton wants to allow a 550 percent increase.
We can't let that happen. The other day, Carrier announced -- air conditioners. I buy Carrier air conditioners, they're good air conditioners. I'm not buying them anymore. They announced 1,400 men and women are being laid off, and somebody had to tell -- cell phone going, right? A lot of you saw that. Big, big story.
They weren't meant to be law enforcement; they're meant to be soldiers, you know. And we love our law enforcement, but we didn't put the soldiers over there to be law enforcement. And they imposed crushing government burdens that punish working-class Americans of all backgrounds, but not anymore.
These guardians of our waters stand, Semper Paratus. They are always ready. They are the United States Coast Guard. Representing the Coast Guard today, you will soon see an HH-60 Jayhawk helicopter based at Coast Guard Air Station Clearwater, along with an HH-65 Dolphin from Air Station Atlantic City, and an HC-144 Ocean Sentry from Air Station Miami. [Planes fly overhead, "Semper Paratus" is played.]
And he didn't say, "Who's over there, please? May we talk?" "No, he took his gun and he started shooting him." And the guy dropped his -- no, think of that. You know, that's -- nothing's in the category where I have to turn to right. You have about an eighth of a second where you're safe. But I'm telling you that's -- God was watching there, too, because you needed somebody really sharp.
America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag, NFL.
Was the attack imminent? I think they're going to start a new investigation. Was the attack on this -- and by the way, he was in a country he wasn't allowed to be in. You know, we don't mention that because he was designated and he wasn't allowed to be there and he was there with the head of Hezbollah and they were talking about, like, Hillary Clinton.
We have the worst -- some of the worst people in the world coming into our country. Some of the worst criminals in the world are coming into our country. But we have 350 million people, let's say. They have 1.4 billion. They pay 39 million. We pay 500 million. Do you think that's a good deal? [Audience responds "No"] So, I pulled out of it, and they came to me, and they wanted me to go back in.
We have so many different issues that have to be solved. I was listening to Bob and I was listening to actually a couple of your speakers. And it is true, you need border security. You have to have it. I mean, we have -- it's like a sieve where people come in, and they stay -- and they stay for whatever they want.
Think of it, very few women. I don't want to disrespect you when I say a few women, but that's the way it goes sometimes. I got to tell it like it is. Not a lot of women. Men are coming into our country at levels, and a lot of them coming in 29,000 from China over the last few months, 29,000. They're coming in from Yemen.
Lower drug prices even more. We're going favored nations. You'll get them down 70, 80, and 90%. We go from the highest to the lowest in the world. Protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars.
Think of Gettysburg. Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, that's the whole ball of wax, right? Gettysburg, Pennsylvania is, by the way, one of the most beautiful sights you've ever seen but the site of one of the most vicious battles anyone has ever seen or partaken in. And this is the state where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania miners, they want to take away your jobs, factory workers, steelworkers, and energy workers forge the greatest nation in the history of the world.
A Trump Administration will return law and order to America. Security is not something that should only -- and this is so important. That should only be enjoyed by the very rich and the very powerful. It has to be enjoyed by all. By way of contrast, I was endorsed and I told you this by National Rifle and I see what's happening and I understand what's happening and I know it so well.
And he had a base. You know, he had a little base because of years and years. He made up a lot of it. You know, he said he lived here. He lived there. It was a -- he said, "I used to fly jets, too." If pilots came in, "I used to fly jets." If truckers came in, I used to drive a truck." The worst of all, though, was when he said, "I want to play him in golf." He wants to play me in golf. Do you ever see him play? Yeah. And Trump -- but I'm a good golfer. No. I'm a good golfer. He said, "
We're going to rebuild our cities. We'll have to work with Democrats, and that's OK, but we're going to get them cleaned up, and we're going to make them safe because right now, you can't walk across the street in our cities, including Washington, DC, the Capitol. We're going to clean it up, make it beautiful again, and make it safe again.
We are going to save your Second Amendment. You don't have to worry about it. My contract calls for saving the Second Amendment and protecting the right to keep and bear arms. Very important. Hillary wants immediate amnesty open borders and virtually unlimited immigration from the most dangerous regions in the world.
Nobody here, uh-oh, do you need it? Uh-oh. Don't raise that -- oh, she did -- is? Is she OK? I'll get it for her. Is she OK? We got to get her on the list. Tell me. Oh, from before? Well, that's a long time, before I was President. Does she want to get on the list? Because I've seen you at rallies before.
You're not recognizable. But they say, "We think we have it under control." That's not good enough. They'll say, "We thought it was Marjorie Taylor Greene riding down the middle of the turnpike, but she's no longer recognizable. We found some of her, I won't say. We love her. Stand up. Marjorie, stand up.
It's the best. We have the most and we have the highest quality. We have the lowest regulatory burdens, and they are going to be made low. You know, I cut -- I cut regulations more than any president in history. In a four-year term, I cut more than any president by four times, they say. Four times. I let the country do what they have to do.
But perhaps you didn't. Perhaps you didn't. And if you didn't, we want to straighten it out. But we have to straighten it out also at the top level. So we had a lot of dirty cops. FBI is phenomenal. I love the people in the FBI. But the people at the top were dirty cops. And if you would have read the report written about Comey -- 78 pages of kill, with a reference of "Go get him." They really said it: "Go get him." And then you read about McCabe and you see what they said.
They say what a jerk this guy is. But we give them back one. You know, think of it. We give them back $150 billion. So now they're in Syria with soldiers because that's so much money. You know, $150 billion for them is a lot. For us, we waste that in two deals. No, it's true. But a $150 billion, that's a lot of money.
They weren't happy. Every time France or one of the countries, but France in particular, they were a little difficult. I really like their leader, but he's a very difficult guy. And whenever he got cute and wanted to tax our people or our companies, I just said, "That's OK. We're going to put a 100% tariff on all wine and champagne coming into the United States." They would say, "No. No. No. We will not do it. We have decided we won't do it." No. But I don't think they do that.
They were delinquent. Many nations were, except for seven, many nations weren't paying what they were supposed to be paying. So we're supposed to protect them. They kill us on trade. They have all sorts of barriers and everything else. The taxes are really unfair. The tariffs were ridiculous. What they do to us in Europe and then we protect them, then they don't pay.
Take his scope. I saw that when he came in. I love you, I love you. You're the greatest. I love you. Yeah, we got to get the right in this. It's time to leave us. Time to leave us. We've got so many problems. We've got so many problems. And we got to get them solved. And if we don't get them solved, we're going to be in a very serious trouble.
So here, you guys have to split this hat. See where that says? Trump caucus Captain. Can I give it to them? Do you mind? Okay. Here. Thank you very much. So you guys figure it out who gets it. I have another one here. We'll give it to a real caucus captain, right? [Audience member calls out, Inaudibly]
All states will benefit from our economic agenda. We will reduce taxes very, very substantially, and simplify the tax code. We're also going to make taxes between countries much more fair. We're one of the only countries in the world that people can sell their product into us and have no tax, no nothing, and they get rich. And yet if you want to do business with them, you'll have taxes, I've seen, as high as 100 percent. So they sell into us, no problem; we sell into them -- because we don't sell them because the tax is so high that they don't want us to sell into them.
I have no idea what Project 2025 is. I've never read it, and I never will. But they make it sound like it's from me. She says they want to ban IVF, a total outrageous lie. In fact, I'm going to require insurance companies to pay for IVF. And I was -- long, long -- and many other things. I'm going to protect your Medicare, your Social Security.
He's such a big guy, but because I was president, but maybe more importantly because I'm the leading candidate. [Applause] Because I'm the leading candidate, the poor guy never hung up. He just -- he -- 45 minutes later, I picked up the phone. "Hello? Are you still..." And, you know, your press is so bad.
You know, I didn't watch much of Biden's speech. He made a little speech. A little tiny. He does very short speeches. Very short. The shortest speeches I've ever seen actually. He just wants to go home to the basement. He doesn't want to be -- He is the most unhappy warrior I've ever -- Did you ever see him?
Was that you, darling? And then, she gets the hell knocked out of her. Her mother's a big fan of ours. You know that, right? Her father, her mother. No, you always have that. Now, tomorrow, here's the only problem. So, we have, like, a hundred thousand. We have a lot of people. In Butler last week we had 101,000.
And we had a deal that he was going to give death penalty to any people making fentanyl and selling it into the United States. And then when Biden took over, that all failed because, you know, these guys aren't going to do anything. They didn't do anything. They don't do anything. Even if you look at the Abraham Accords, what I did for Israel, we had four countries, they still have four countries.
By "open borders," she means totally unlimited immigration.
He shows up every four years and then goes back to Washington and caters to special interests. But my only interest is you. You know, it's very interesting. You know he's raising -- This sleepy guy is raising a lot of money, right? Tell you he raises money. You know how he raises money? By making deals, that's how you raise money.
Dan Scavino just said it's the biggest -- it's the hottest thing on the internet. They got him cold. We'll talk about it in a second. But these warriors when I needed warriors I had them. Representative Matt Gaetz, where is he? My Matt. What a great guy. What a guy. Big figure. Thank you, Matt. What a warrior.
But then Washington stood by while other countries adopted our playbook. But they did it even better than us. They lowered their tax rates and reformed their tax systems to be more competitive substantially than that of the United States of America. And America went from leading the pack to following way behind.
But some big ones too, some great warships. And, uh, we just let that, our leadership, the person standing right where I am numerous years ago, a number of 'em, they just let it slip. And, uh, so we're gonna be very heavy into the shipbuilding in a very pretty short period of time. It takes a while to get that one going.
He's a good negotiator with the Republicans every country kicks our ass but with the Republicans he's like a great negotiation. It's so -- "Oh, it won't happen. Well in my case there won't be Obama we can do it right from the top."
We reclaimed our sovereignty by standing up for America at the United Nations and withdrawing from the one-sided global deals that never served our interests. And NATO countries are now paying hundreds of billions of dollars more than when I arrived just a few years ago. It was very unfair. We were paying the cost for the world. Now the world is helping us.
And very shortly, it will be at $2.5 trillion. And while I don't love that -- you know, what that does to my budget, because I'm a budget person -- we don't have a strong military budget, it don't matter much do they, huh? I can [Inaudible] have to worry about budgets. So, with what's going on in the world today -- very important.
Then he goes to Saudi Arabia, same thing happens. The big leaders are not there to greet him at the plane. And you know what I would do? If I said, "Well, how are we doing? Who's here to greet me? I'm the president of the United States. I'm on Air Force One. Who's here?" Well, we don't have anybody to greet you, Mr. President.
No. I said, "That's why I like this guy. That's why I like this guy." Hello, Mr. Senator. I just see you there. The Barrasso man, he's one of the greatest people. What a great -- I didn't know you were going to be -- I'm very impressed. I guess Sam Brown must be doing very well for you to be here, huh? We got the leader of the Senate.
There's not a used car lot in the country that has probably 500 vehicles. 70,000 vehicles we left behind. Some of those vehicles cost millions of dollars because they're armor plated with six inches of steel. We left it all behind. I built much of it because I rebuilt our entire military. We left -- Think of it, $85 billion worth of military equipment.
For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. You saw that. They apologized for our country. Now, you have a president who is standing up for America. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Montana, and we are proudly standing up for our National Anthem. I am asking every citizen from every party, every background and every race, color and creed to reject Democrat politics of anger and division, and reclaim our proud and righteous destiny as Americans.
November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. Thank you, RFK, Jr. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.
See now, if I don't win, I'm gonna blame Mike, right? We have to blame Mike. But we want to thank a number of people because -- in particular, we're gonna leave out some because that always happens and it's very sad. The set -- I'm a real estate guy. I build buildings and I build things. I want to tell you that was the most beautiful set I think I've ever seen not only for conventions, but for anything.
You know, when they come in through these jails, they don't stay there. They go all throughout your beautiful community. That includes Florida and Ohio and Iowa and every other state in the Union. Joe Biden canceled our program to send federal law enforcement to cities overrun by violent crime. Isn't it interesting to know that every one of those cities is Democrat, leaving innocent Americans at the mercy of brutal gangsters and ruthless killers?
They talk badly about Donald Trump table. They talk badly about Donald Trump wants to talk badly about, you know, it's wants to talk badly about, you know, it's wants to talk badly about, you know, it's very interesting. We started off with 17 very interesting. We started off with 17 very interesting. We started off with 17 and Here I am you and me and look what and Here I am you and me and look what and Here I am you and me and look what we've done together, right, look what we've done together, right, look what we've done Together, right, look, what we've done together, what's, okay, what's we've done together, what's, okay, what's we've done together, what's, okay, what's, okay, what's - so we have unbelievably, okay, what's - so we have unbelievably, okay, what's - so we have unbelievably dishonest media.
It also includes a lifetime ban on government officials becoming lobbyists for a foreign government. I'd say that makes senses. [Applause]
I'm also eager to get to work with Congress on the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history. We've got to get that done and we don't want to get hung up on the budget process. We just want, uh, whether it's one, bill, two bills. I don't care let these guys, they're going to work it out.
But they're great people, and they have a great leader -- Prime Minister Abe -- and he understands. He understands. We're opening up Japan. We have to. Or we don't take their cars. It's very simple. I mean, it's not like, "Oh, gee, this is a tough one." Or we compromise and we put a 20-percent tariff on their cars, which I actually like better.
Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days of a Trump administration. We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan. We're going to eliminate unnecessary, job- killing regulations. We'll cancel every illegal Obama executive order. [Applause]
The federal budget is a disaster. Our State Department, mostly under the watch of Hillary Clinton, misplaced or lost $6 billion in taxpayer funds.
This could be the great Trojan Horse of all time. [Applause]
Four weeks. We let them go. Unlike other of your leaders, I let them go and we had General Razin Caine, who's now the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff because I liked him. He was a warrior; he was a great warrior and now he's been rewarded for his incredible work. But they said it would take five years, and we did it in four weeks.
We have got to get rid of these super-PACs. We want to have a clear vision of who's doing, and what's being put up, and who's putting it up. Got to get rid of super-PACs. Really, really, really bad.
Things are happening like they've never happened before. There is no better place to begin the new year than right here with so many friends and families, pastors and patriots who believe in the power of prayer, the majesty of creation, and the love and grace of Jesus Christ. Thank you. In 2016, Evangelicals Christians helped us and they went out.
Calvin, you want to hand that business down, right? But you know, don't worry about it for about 40 year, I hope, okay? 4-0 -- long time. Right? Let's keep him around. Thank you, Calvin. [Applause] Third, we will cut taxes on American businesses to restore our competitive edge and to create more jobs and higher wages for American workers.
These are just wonderful kids. And they are coming in at levels that we've never seen. And then they're sent around all over this country. All over the country, they're sent. And right now, I just heard for the first time, who would even think it, but I heard for the first time they're on suicide watch. So many of these young kids, they're in suicide watch, all because of this stupid policy that you've been watching over the last few months.
It was an incredible victory. It was a victory where we were outspent by tens of millions of dollars. We could not have done it without you and a lot of the people in the audience. I recognize so many, I love this state. We easily won the Cuban American vote in Florida, including a mammoth increase in Miami-Dade County, something that doesn't happen with Republicans.
What is 1.8 billion, Mike, in cash? How did you let that happen, Mike? He said, "It wasn't my fault!" I recognized the capitol of Israel, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. They've been working on it for 52 years. We got it done in two hours.
Because Biden inspired them so much. And you know how they found out about it. The sons and daughters of parents were irate. My father was comatose. My father was very ill. My father didn't vote. Oh, yes, he did. No, my father didn't vote. It's a horrible thing that took place, but fortunately a gentleman, Justice Michael Gableman put it very strongly in his report.
He is one of the greatest people. He's one of the greatest Senators and he -- I guess you know, whenever the hell you're running, you -- I'll be here for you. I will tell you that. Please take up the --
Think of how bad that is. You can borrow money for nothing practically if you're rich. But if you're rich you don't need the money. So you don't have to borrow it but if you're a business person you want to go to the bank for a loan you can't get it. The regulators are running the banks. Dodd-Frank is a disaster by the way.
They don't know what to build. They don't know what to do. It'll never get built but then they come up to me that -- the new one is, Donald, you know Mexico's never going to pay for it. I say 100%, I say not 98%, not 99%, I said they're going to pay 100%. They're going to pay 100%. Well, how could you get them to pay?
Others are witnessing the chaos and the violence firsthand. Our country looks bad to the world, especially when we are supposed to be the leader. How can we lead when we can't even control our own cities. We honor and recognize the right of all Americans to peacefully assemble, protest and demonstrate.
You wouldn't let me leave in half an hour. I could have run up here, done it, start screaming "Make America Great Again" for five or six times, and then leave to the cheers of the crowd. I would have been home sleeping right now. I hope the hell that you're going to get your asses out and vote. Did you all vote? [Audience responds affirmatively] Everybody? I figured.
But she responded -- yeah, you get that, right? A lot of people don't get that. But she responded to a friend, but she doesn't respond to an ambassador that's asking for help. Hundreds -- hundreds of requests and she doesn't respond.
You also have a person known as Nikki Bird brain Haley, bird brain. [Audience boos]
I think it's going to be a landslide. You see what's going on with the polling? We've been like a rocket ship. We've been going like this. And the polls have been incredible, both against the Republicans and against -- I mean, against the Republicans. We're up 60 points, 60. Think of it. Who the hell ever thought that was going to happen so quickly?
So, there are things that when you do this stuff, you don't think it's going to necessarily be great. Like we had a lot of nicknames. I was the king of nicknames. Somehow, I was the king. It worked. I won't go over most of them, because many of them are friends of mine now. I can't really bring them back.
They set violent criminals loose without charges while prosecuting their political opponents for fabricated crimes. They legalize mass robberies and cheer for BLM and Antifa rioters, ransacking our cities while they hold nonviolent protesters without trial, destroy their lives. They lift sanctions on Iran while they sanction and destroy our own citizens.
I have wealthy friends, like Harold Hamm. They don't even know what a trillion represents. I say, "Harold, how many billion are in a trillion?" And I'm not sure that Harold could answer that.
Opportunity Zones are amazing, what's happened? We're supporting working families by fighting for paid family leave and getting it. Reducing the cost of child care and giving 40 million American families an average of $2,200 in their pockets. Directly. Thanks to the Republican child tax credit. People don't know that our historic regulatory reduction campaign is ending the tyranny of Washington bureaucrats.
I mean -- that's the way I look at it. We'll win it three times. But this psychologically and in many other ways, and you understand the different ways. But because one of the things of taking this pause is it shows how bad they are. It shows how bad their policies are. You look at the border, you look at all of the things that are so horrible that are happening, and it shows how bad they are, and we'll be able to do things and get things fixed in this country that probably you couldn't have really done politically or otherwise, if you did it the traditional way.
From the crime and terrorism and lawlessness that threatens our and lawlessness that threatens our and lawlessness that threatens our communities, America was shocked to its communities. America was shocked to its communities. America was shocked to its core when our police officers in Dallas core when our police officers in Dallas core, when our police officers in Dallas were so brutally executed immediately were so brutally executed immediately were so brutally executed immediately after Dallas, we've seen continued after Dallas.
He didn't exactly do well, and they actually -- CNN was very nice. They said, "That was one of the greatest debate performances I've ever seen," said by a very important person at CNN. Then what happens, two days later, they said, "He was lousy." They don't talk about me anymore. They just said he was lousy.
I feel guilty as I'm looking, they're staring me in the eyes. So I have to say with these exceptions. They will say anything and do anything and cling to their power and prestige at your expense. I'm running to change and reverse decades of failure and to work with the American people to create generations of success. I'm running... [Applause]
We will take care of our country. We will pray to God for our strength and for our liberty. We will pray for God, and we will be with God because we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again.
They would throw drugs over the wall, and it would be like 100-pound sacks of drugs, and it would actually kill people. It would hit people on the other side of the wall. Can you believe it? This is what they did. But we built a tremendous amount. But if we -- if there was a piece of wood laying there rotted and terrible and/or a couple of nails or anything, they'd say, "That's not a new wall.
Has anyone ever -- that's not a good thing. Who has run really, I mean, he's been run out of office, essentially. Remember, he was with the mask running down Pennsylvania Avenue with Antifa? I said, This, guy is -- is not good. No, he didn't run because he couldn't have had my support. And in Utah, he couldn't have won the race.
Hillary put the office of Secretary of State up for sale and, if she ever got the chance, she'd put the Oval Office up for sale too. She'd put it up for sale to special interests and foreign dictators -- whoever offers the highest price.
It's South Korea. Now, whenever they have a problem with North Korea, we send the battleships, we send the destroyers, we send our airplanes. We're going to protect them. What are we doing? Why aren't they paying us? Why aren't they paying us? What are we doing? I ordered thousands and thousands of sets all the time, for some reason, South Korea.
They were dunking them. You saw that with the cages where they dunk them in the ocean and drown them. And they're talking about my tone. We need tough tone. We're gonna be -- we're not gonna have a country anymore. We're not gonna have a country. So I've met so many people over the last period of time and I've met so many vets, who are being mistreated horribly by the incompetent people in Washington.
You know, these batteries are massive. Problem with the trucks is it takes up so much room to with the trucks. I mean, the whole thing is like a battery. The whole thing is so crazy. Do you think if they had one three-minute sit down with the truckers of America, they'd understand it? And they do, sort of, understand it, but it doesn't matter.
It doesn't have to be now. It could be 200 years ago. When they had inflation, they had broken countries. And we're very close to a broken country. We're also very close to a country that's going to be in a third world war because we have an incompetent president. He has no clue. And this isn't a war with army tanks going back and forth.
Thank you, darling. Alice, when is she running for office, please? I want to back her. We have to back her, right? That was not a written speech, folks. That was delivered from the heart. That was incredible. Tanesha, do you mind if I take a couple of the lines you just gave and use them in my future speeches, please?
I have so many incredible friends here tonight. [Audience Chants "Trump"] Thank you. We're going to have some big, big, beautiful weeks ahead of us I think, and more importantly some very, very great years for our country. [Applause] I want to begin by thanking General Kellogg, amazing man, amazing friend.
Hillary Clinton says she wants to put a lot of coal miners out of business. She wants to put them out of business. [Booing]
They want to kill not only our civilians all over the world. And it's going to be stopped. It's going to be stopped.
, etc. So, I want to thank you, Brian. You're really a patriot. Amazing, amazing guy. And those autoworkers listen to him, too. They listen to him. They get it. They get it. You have a union head that doesn't get it, but I'm sure he's a decent guy, but he doesn't get it. We want these companies coming back to this state, and ideally, I'd love to see them.
They're selling the stuff that we left for them? Seventy thousand trucks, 700,000 guns and rifles, 700,000. How we ever had so many in the first place is so crazy. But we're going to make our country greater than ever before. Thank you very much. We'll take a couple of quick questions, and then I'll shake a few hands.
These courageous Nevada patriots did not shed their blood, sweat, and tears so that we could sit at home while others erase the legacy and destroy our proud American heritage. That's what they're doing. They want to destroy our American heritage. For the sake of our freedom, for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win.
China. You think China made a couple of bucks on the bridge? Oh, I don't think so. Nobody knows that stuff. That's what I'm best in. Can you imagine? Can you imagine? Having somebody that really knows how to build, and knows how to build under budget, ahead of schedule. I'm really good at this stuff. And it can be done.
And our nuclear weapons are now tippy top. And hope to God you never have to use them. But we are the envy of the world. We are the envy of the world, Russia, China, North Korea. No matter where you go our weapons are the envy of the world. Hope to God we never have to use it. But we will ensure peace through strength.
We took in hundreds of billions of dollars through tariffs on China. No other president took in $0.10. Hundreds of billions of dollars. They were not too fond of me. But I got along with President Xi also. We gave as -- you know, I just looked at it. I just said, look it up. I was in the plane coming up. I say, "Look it up. What do we give Afghanistan?" Does anybody have that note?
So, I wrote a few things down and I -- to ISIS, OK, huge portions. We don't know. Is ISIS coming into our country? With all of the people that are pouring in, we have no idea who they are. We have absolutely no -- you know the harm they want to inflict. You look at what's taking place in our country -- San Bernardino and Orlando. And look at what -- what's going on all over the world.
Think of the future. But you have to learn from history. If you don't learn from history, you're a fool. And we have to learn from history. So, I hope that that's going to happen because we have so much evidence. We have so -- and everybody knows it, and they know it. You know, the one thing they don't want to talk about is the election.
I said no, we're not doing it. Even the NRA officers were surprised at that one. I stood up for our hunters, fishers, and sportsmen like no one has ever done before, opening up millions and millions of acres of federal land and rolling back Obama's assault on hunting, fishing, trapping, and ammunition. Obama was brutal.
We have to be able to express ourselves.
So I left behind my former life and stepped into a very difficult arena, but an arena nevertheless, with all sorts of potential if properly done. America had given me so much, and I wanted to give something back.
Swift trial. What swift trial is they give -- they catch the drug dealer, and they give him a swift trial, meaning a very fast trial. At the end of the trial, if he's guilty, they execute him. Every drug dealer in China said, "Let's get the hell out of here. Let's go to the United States," where you don't even get a slap on the wrist, right?
We've never seen anything like this before, and it's only going to get worse. You see what's going on in New York where they're fighting, -- they're having fistfights with policemen in the middle of the streets, fistfights. I've seen people get shot. I've seen a lot but fistfights. I mean, those are long term, and it's horrible.
We had no terrorist attacks for four years. Nothing, nothing. They knew. Don't play games with us. And we will deport the foreign jihad sympathizers and Hamas supporters from our midst. We will get them out. If you hate America, if you want to eliminate Israel, we will throw you out of our country so rapidly your head will spin. [Audience chants "Trump"]
You know, you wouldn't think -- you think everybody would be like on the same side. There's like six or seven things you want to have. You want to have freedom of religion. You want to have things -- you want to have certain things, and you would think that people would sort of all be in the same. But every once in a while, you have that happen and it's fine.
They're trying to fix the election for crooked Hillary. Let them turn their cameras to see the crowd. Let them turn the cameras. [Applause]
That's what's going to happen. And remember, the Democrats have let you down. You know, we're talking about over a hundred years. We'll deliver a future of justice, opportunity, prosperity, and dignity to every man, woman, and child all across this incredible land. Our nation is thriving like never ever before.
But this I love because this just came out. Drudge -- now, this is with 15 people, right? Drudge is great. How good is Drudge, right? Great guy. He's a great guy. So, they do these online polls where they have hundreds of thousands of people. So, they vote. Somebody would say, "Oh, well, they're not reliable because maybe Trump vote." You know, they have hundreds of that.
There is nothing we cannot accomplish. The United States is great. It's great. Its people are great. There is no task or project too great. There is no dream outside of our reach. Don't ever let anyone tell you it can't be done. The future lies with the dreamers, not the cynics and the critics.
So, we had 28,000 soldiers. Remain in Mexico. That was another one I got remain in Mexico. When these people come in, they come into our country and they stay and they never leave. That's it. And they're criminals, and they come in from many -- many times, many jails. They've been emptied out. And what I did is I got it. Remain in Mexico.
They don't even say anything about it. Joe Biden got up today and he apologized. This guy, the anger of Fox, the anger. Did you see the anger? Now Joe Biden apologized on behalf of the nation. I would like to apologize. Now he uses the F bomb and Biden says nothing. Nobody says anything. It's really disgusting.
We have spent trillions of dollars over time -- on planes, missiles, ships, equipment -- building up our military to provide a strong defense for Europe and Asia. The countries we are defending must pay for the cost of this defense -- and, if not, the U.S. must be prepared to let these countries defend themselves.
It's called America First. That's what he wants, and he told me that. And he's an incredible guy. And I want you to remember this because look, I'll be back a few more times before the day, you know, 53 days now. But I want you to remember this with Sam, he truly has -- he's given up so much. Nobody's given up like he's given up, so much, and he wants to do this because he loves our country.
I mean, they always write letters, too. They write these beautiful letters. It's, Mr. Trump, I can't afford much but -- and I know you don't need it, but I'm sending in $50 because it's so important what you're saying about the country and it's beautiful. I mean, I've seen such beautiful letters. And if I sent it back, there is no letter I can write that's not going to be insulting to those people, really.
But that doesn't make us great. It makes us good. It makes us competitive, sort of more than competitive. It was good. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country when I did that. We took in more revenue at 21 than we did at 39, which was amazing. People were pouring in. But here's what we're doing now.
By law, you've got to release them. They'll arrest the Border Patrol agent if they -- it's crazy, but we could end this in 15 minutes. But they don't want to do it. They don't want to do it. Their obstructionists, they're colluders, and we can't let it happen. That's why you have to go with Tate Reeves. You know, Tate's going to send -- Tate's going to send a big signal, by the way.
1. Fifty-eight percent of African-American youth are not working. Can't get a job. These are the results of the policies embraced by Hillary Clinton.
And finally, he's charged with raping and murdering Rachel when she was out for a run. She was running. Want to keep herself in shape before dumping her body into a drainage ditch. That's how they found her into a drainage ditch. This monster should never have been allowed into our country. And if I was president, he would never have been able to come in. He would have never been able to come in. You see the -- you see those numbers? [Audience chants "U.S.A."]
We're going to get it right. OK? A couple of more. Go ahead, darling.
And direct my secretary of veterans affairs to fire every corrupt VA bureaucrat who Joe Biden has outrageously refused to remove from the job or put -- or put back in the job. Then instead of providing more than $200 million in back pay to VA workers like Biden is doing, I will ask Congress to take every penny of those funds to finally build a brand new, state-of-the-art VA hospital right here in the great state of New Hampshire.
don't forget this was done for the Soviet Union many many many years ago
We will provide school choice to every low-income child in America and we are going to end Common Core, education is going to be brought locally. [Applause]
Another illegal alien bused to the same area attacked an aid worker tasked with helping the migrants. This was a person who was helping the migrants out of whatever feelings she may have had. And then he violently raped her again and again. Many people have been badly hurt and even killed by the illegal migrants invading our country.
When you don't have it, that's when you need it and that's never going to be our position. It's never going to be our position, we will never let that happen in our country. You know, when I first came in, a general said to me -- highly overrated general, I have to be honest with you, highly overrated -- he said, "Sir, we don't have ammunition." I said, "No President should ever hear that again." And you know what?
That's a big deal. Nobody wanted to do that in the past. And by the way, we've caught hundreds of them, the Venezuelan gang, which is as bad as it gets. And you'll be reading a lot of stories tomorrow about what we've done with them and you'll be very impressed.
I'm serious. If we waited two years, it's going to explode like you've never seen an explosion. Nobody's going to be able to afford it. It's a disaster.
We just had that for four years. We don't need this. But those numbers are so low. They're almost disqualifying. The only thing good about the numbers I'm going to give you now are that it's great to run against the people that created those numbers because it's terrible. And just think a few months ago, they fraudulently claimed -- remember? Three months ago, 818,000 jobs.
I have no special interest. I take no orders from donors or lobbyists. I've put a lot money into this campaign, believe me. I'll be in for over a hundred million dollars, that's a lot. I work for you and I work only for you. [Applause]
It's already been more or less approved. We almost had it done until we were interrupted. We will build a full service VA hospital in New Hampshire right now for your veterans, and they deserve it. You're the only state that doesn't have it, you know that? You're the only state that doesn't have that. You are the only state that doesn't have a full service VA hospital.
When we see that, our people are instructed to do whatever they have to do. They can do whatever the hell they want to do. Throughout this week, the heroes of ICE have been hunting down and arresting hundreds of illegal alien criminals and its immediate expulsion, including those with charges of convictions for rape, child sexual assault, terrorism, and even murder, members of the savage Venezuelan prison gang known as Tren de Aragua.
I actually, as his own way, have to gain respect for what he was able to do. Can you imagine that this man singlehandedly -- he was having problems with churches. And there was a church in Houston that was giving him a hard time, maybe for a very good reason. And he put in an amendment that basically stopped our great pastors and ministers and others from talking under the penalty of losing their tax-exempt status.
When they come back, they're loaded up. In fact, sometimes they get arrested for having so much they think they're drug addicts. They just buy months of supply because it's sometimes one-tenth, one-eighth, one-fifth, one-half. It's a tremendous difference. And this is for the people in this room because this is something that nobody else can do. We're going to get the drug prices down, not 30 or 40 percent, which would be great, not 50 or 60 percent.
Gary is feeling better now. He had a little problem with the back, but he's feeling good. And he wanted to be here and I appreciate it. But these are fantastic people. Lieutenant Governor Will Ainsworth, thank you, Will, very much for being with us, doing a great job. Agriculture Commissioner Rick Pate. Rick, thank you very much.
It is time to emphasize what we all have in common as Americans.
I was taking everybody out of Afghanistan, but we're doing it with strength and we're doing it with dignity. We were coming out. And they were afraid of us and they weren't doing anything. I spoke to Abdul. You know Abdul? The leader of the Taliban. And we had a rough conversation. And after that conversation, not one American soldier was killed for 18 months.
And two weeks later, everybody started saying, you know, maybe Trump has a point. And then four weeks later, right? And then, and then, four weeks later they're saying bah, bah, bah. Then they started coming to me and they started saying, well, we're just as tough as him. They're not. In fact, you know Joe, Sheriff Joe from Arizona, he endorsed me last week.
These pro-worker policies are among the many reasons. And it's not protectionist; it's pro-worker. It's really not protectionist. We've had people ripping our country for years, decades -- destroying -- you look outside, you see all the hulks, you see the empty buildings. For years and years, they've been ripping us off.
And just remember this, we have a country that doesn't win anymore. If I'm elected President, we're going to win, win, win. We're going to win so much. I jokingly say, we're going to win so much you're going to get absolutely sick and tired of it. You're going to say please, please Mr. President, we can't stand it. We're winning too much.
This is how we won the Cold War and it's how we will win our new future struggles, which may be many, which may be complex, but we will win if I become president. [Applause]
Look back a thousand years, it hasn't worked. If it worked, we'd be using it, I guess, but it hasn't worked. Our opponents are offering an economic nightmare. We're delivering an economic miracle. We have delivered -- in nine months, this is an economic -- the biggest investment of funds in a country in history by many times.
Now, it's safe because they've taken those criminals, they've taken those drug dealers, they've taken their prisoners, and they've moved them into the United States, large numbers. And the rest are coming, but they're not coming with me. We're going to get them the hell out of here, all of them. They're sending all of their criminals to us. All of these countries, all over the world, they're sending them to us. So, you see numbers which are plunging all over the world because they don't have -- where do you see -- and don't forget.
Reporters. Professionals. The ones you see hating all the time. I say, this is the most incredible thing, we've never seen anything like it.
You know, you read the fake news. It's fake and disgraceful, and they don't talk about it. I read a story in The New York Times recently about things that we do and they say we didn't do and it's just horrible I want to say some of the things -- because I don't believe any administration, any president has come even close to doing what we've done in the first 500 days. And I won't even mention North Korea in that 500 days.
I took it out of the military because I couldn't get it from the people in Congress that should have given it to us. So I considered it an invasion. I said to a couple of generals, I said congratulations. This is an invasion of our country. So I took it out of the military, had nine lawsuits and won them all.
All over the world. Normal life will fully resume. That's what we want, right? Normal life. Normal life. And next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. A vote for sleepy Joe Biden; and he is a sleepy guy. [Audience boos] I tell you what. You know, it's a powerful party. And the party is totally joined with the fake news media, the lamestream media right there. [Audience boos] And they're totally joined with the big tep, big tech.
For years, our leaders have looked out only for themselves.
We owe $20 trillion. It doubled, think of it, it doubled in just eight years. It's quite a little less. It doubled. Think of it. A Trump administration, is going to renegotiate NAFTA. Stand up to foreign cheating and stop the jobs from leaving our country. And we are going to stop currency manipulation.
They're getting very close. We've got to win this election, or they're going to be there. They're going to be there. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. And we will be a strong, proud, and free nation once again. We will defend our civilization, reclaim our sovereignty.
And now, last year, we had almost a $500 billion trade deficit with China. We can't have that. We can't have that. I have great respect for President Xi, but we can't have that. We have to go, and we have to do what we have to do. We just can't let countries -- as an example, Mexico. We have a $100 billion trade deficit with Mexico.
Please come on in it's, so sad it's so said the level of incompetence you have Syria going and you have Russia in there. Now if you remember Russia, Russia was the Soviet Union, right, and they went into a place called Afghanistan and they went bust it. They went bankrupt, they were fighting it for years. The Afghans are great soldiers, very smart, very smart fact I'm waiting for Obama to give an exact date when he's gonna leave, then doesn't just go away for a little while.
And they'll take over the second largest oil fields and oil reserves in the world. And we will have made that possible with our $1.5 trillion and our thousands of lives and our wounded. We will have made that possible. And I think it's absolutely one of the saddest things because we have people in Washington that don't know what they're doing.
We don't have to meet for hours. I can tell you that story, and then you can just say, "OK, we can't do it." That's it. We go. Right? These people don't care. They say, "We don't care. We're doing it anyway. We don't care." I'm telling you, there's something wrong with them. They don't care. So, what we have is more than a campaign.
And nobody, nobody on either side wants that to happen. They did a poll of Democrats the ninth month. They had like nobody would -- nobody. So, you have to remember. So, you're in a very, uh, good position. You have the power now of negotiation. We gave you something that was really a fantastic thing that most people thought couldn't be done.
We want to keep our country safe. People who support the police, who want crime reduced and ended, and who are not prejudiced. They're concerned and loving citizens whose hearts break every time an innocent child is killed violently on the streets, which is happening all over our country. Yet while Hillary Clinton lives behind gates and walls and guards, and raises millions from -- you know look what she's doing with these hedge funds.
This is our -- this is our great, great partner.
We've got to get smart, and tough, and vigilant, and we've got to do it now, because later is too late.
They've dragged us into foreign wars that make us less safe, shipped our jobs and wealth to other countries, and they've left our borders wide open at home. We go into wars and we set strong borders but at home, we have no borders. We send our troops to foreign countries to defend their borders but our politicians refuse to defend our borders.
Our rallies -- no, it's an honor that so many people showed up because this was going to be a little quickie just to say congratulations because Obama closed the Iron Range and I opened it. And a man -- a man came up to me, a tough man, a man who -- a worker, a construction worker, real worker, and he looked at me.
Few Americans know more about oppressive tactics of the radical left than conservatives on college campuses with what you've been through, especially the intrepid young men and women of Turning Point USA. With us today is Laura Schoeck, a student at North Carolina State University, who was violently attacked by Antifa thugs while promoting a Turning Point event on campus.
They made it all in three and a half years. When I was president, we had peace in the Middle East like never before, and I got the Abraham Accords done when nobody thought it was possible. And they've done nothing with them. We had four countries done. We would have had them all. Every country would have been signed up, in my opinion, including Iran, because they wanted to make a deal so badly.
I also worked very hard on the FDA getting them to bring it down, bring it down because it was going to take an average of 12 years to get something approved. I got it down to five, I wanted to get it down to two, but things have to happen. But we got it way, way down, and we came up with things, and we have thousands of people that are living today that were considered terminally ill just a short while ago.
Nobody else would have gotten $0.10. Joe would sleep. He would -- do you think he thinks about the farmers? And you know who gave me the 28 billion for the farmers? China because China screwed our farmers. And then they tell me I'm down in Iowa. I don't think so. And you know what, a good poll, Emerson, no friend of mine, they said that poll is wrong.
That's, that's shocking. We have, with -- by the way, with Mexico, I have great relationships with Mexico and with Hispanic people. I have thousands -- I employ thousands of Hispanics. They're great. But we have, with Mexico, $58 billion trade deficit. And when I say we're going to build a wall, which we will, by the way, but we're going to build a wall.
I wonder what that information was. Bill Clinton also lost the nuclear codes, and nobody complained. Trump didn't lose the nuclear codes. I could tell you more about nuclear codes. I rebuilt our nuclear arsenal, not that I wanted to, but because we had no choice. When you see what's going on right now and we'll end up in a war with the incompetence and the way we're handling this, we'll end up in a world war.
And then we had a very bad election happened, a very bad election. A lot of bad things happened. So when I said we got to do it again, I said, we have to make it too big to rig. And we made it too big to rig and we won in records and it was a monumental win. And it was such an honor to see so many of you, like Brian and your friends here with us to celebrate, and to more importantly celebrate what we're doing.
I'm telling you this happens like 20 every time I come to a place. It's unbelievable. So we're taking from the Democrats. Remember the Democrats for Reagan? We have it bigger. It's Democrats for Trump. It's a bigger number. So it's Democrats -- we're taking also though from independents, big league, and we're taking from people that have never ever voted before and they're 50 years old, in some cases.
You know, we thought it was all done, and they came to me, "Sir, they're not allowed to use the existing pumps. They have to go buy all new pumps." That was millions and millions and millions of dollars. I said, "What's the difference?" "Well, actually, the old pumps are better." "OK?" I said, "Do you mean you have to replace them with new pumps?
It was absolutely -- and I have to say this: When I signed it, I said, oh, I'm going to be killed on this one. And you know what? People came to me and they saw me, and they were crying. Men that were tough and strong, women that were tough and strong -- they'd see me, their tears coming down their eyes because I gave them back their property, I gave them back their farms. They couldn't use them. [Applause] We ditched the rule, I call it. We ditched the rule. [Applause]
If we don't do it this time, you never get to have another crack at it. November 5th is the single most important day in the history of our country. I believe that with all my heart because our country is going bad. And Kamala vowed to grant, remember, mass amnesty and citizenship to all of the millions of illegals that she let in, which will obliterate Medicare and obliterate your Social Security for seniors.
It can't be, but it's just going off. You know, the stock market is up. Many people, some of the smartest people in the market say it's up because we're leading Biden in the polls by so much, and they expect that we're going to win. If we lose, you're going to have a crash like you wouldn't believe. If we lose -- that's an incentive if you have stock.
But they were just saying you shooting, but they were just saying you shooting, but they were just saying you over boom you over boom, these are over boom you over boom, these are over boom you over boom, these are animals, these are animals and then the animals. These are animals and then the animals, these are animals and then the press called the masterminds, the press called the masterminds, the press called the masterminds, the mastermind.
Think of that. And that will end as soon as I'm president. China will be leaving. They will be leaving. They will be leaving. And we had a very good relationship. You didn't hear about Taiwan and you didn't hear about Ukraine from Putin during my four years. They say, "How do you know?" Because they would've never happened.
I said, "That's the guy I like for this." And I said, "You don't have to worry about the votes. Just worry about the theft." And that's all I had because we had -- I got plenty of votes. We got so many votes, but we need -- we want more. Michael, say hello, please. Just raise that beautiful hand. Thank you very much.
It's in your hearts. It's in your courage, your spirit, your faith, and your pride. Together, we will defend the benefits and the beliefs that you want, and you have, and you're entitled to; the traditions and God-given freedoms that make our country the greatest in the world -- and even, I think we can say, right now, the greatest in the history of the world.
Now, you'd have the people in the hospitals instead of at home, in a bedroom with their family, with their mother, or their wife or whatever or their husband. And they're unbelievable people, and a lot of them are. You know, a lot of them leave, a lot of them say, "I can't take it." They say, "I didn't sign up for this. I'm sorry, I didn't sign up for this,"
But did you have your numbers like that? Something's wrong. Something's wrong. Likewise, there's been a 25 percent increase in childhood cancer and a staggering increase in chronic diseases. So, together, we're going to make America healthy again. We're going to make America healthy again. Something's happening, something bad is happening.
And they won't leave, believe me. Those companies will not leave. If we do that, they will not leave. And you know what? If they do, that'll be fine. We'll make a lot of money, but they're not going to be leaving.
Every time I was here from Korea, all these hands would be raised. Fourteen hundred people fired viciously and stupidly because Carrier was moving and they're from Indianapolis. Carrier was moving to Mexico. I think it had a huge because I won. You remember that was gonna be the firewall for the other people that were running against me and it was a firewall for me. I won with a landslide.
When Bill Clinton came into office, he signed an executive order saying if you work for the White House or a federal agency, you can't lobby the government for 5 years after you leave. But then, President Clinton did what the Clintons always do -- he rigged the system on his way out. Clinton lifted the executive order so the Clintons and their cronies like John Podesta could start raking in cash.
The decades of decay, division and decline will come to an end.
I kept the oil." We kept the oil. We should have done that in Iraq. Remember I used to say a long time ago before I was -- "Don't go into the middle East, but if you're going to go in and keep the oil." but we went in and we didn't keep anything. And all the death, the blood in the sand, I call it the blood in the sand, that worthless sand, all of that death that's been caused for no reasons.
Think of that. And it'll happen quickly. And I have pledged to remove 10 old and burdensome regulations. And I did this -- we had more regulatory cuts when I was president than any president in history by three times. But we're going to get rid of burdensome regulations. We're taking them off the books, and it's 10 for one.
We Will Make America Safe Again.
And then, after the debate, they're revealing him, they said, "Joe Biden had a great night last night." I don't get it, Tim. The unemployment rate here in South Carolina has fallen to 2.3%, the lowest rate in your state's, the lowest rate in all of America. So it's the lowest rate in all of America. I said to a friend of mine, a Democrat, "How's the race going tomorrow, who's going to win?" And he says, "Mr. President --" No, it's very interesting.
Did any man -- Here's a guy who spent like $2 billion. That's almost 2 billion now, they're finding out. He had some of the dumbest advisors. People I know. Some of the dumbest people. You know, if he would've just kept spending a couple of hundred million dollars a week on ads, he could have won. He could've won.
I wouldn't say that Secret Service was thrilled with that, but we know our people, right? We know our people. Great guy. And so many others. I see some others. Being interviewed. I see them over here. They started. They came at 4 in the morning. The media will give them no credit. The media, as I told you, won't show this crowd.
So, you're going to watch that next week. I hope you're going to stay watching it. And maybe now, if they want, they can turn their cameras back on. The Biden border crisis is also fueling the violent crime crisis in America under the radical communist socialist Democrats. It's open season on law enforcement officers like never before and on law-abiding Americans.
They save thousands of lives every year, perform countless public services every day, and yet their names will likely never appear in a single headline or media report.
My husband is a financial genius." And this good looking policeman looked at me and said, "Thank you, sir, because I was abused for a long time about the way I invested money." And your 401ks are great. And your stocks are great. Then you see these big companies going up, that's everybody, the stock market.
Why are you doing this? You've built up a $10 billion net worth. You have a great company. You have a great family. And here you are on Saturday morning at 6:30 in the morning talking to a radio show. Why are you doing this? I actually said, good question, right. But I said you know what? My whole theme is Make America Great Again.
On crime, we're going to add more police, more investigators and appoint the best judges and prosecutors in the world. [Applause]
A hundred, think of 100 billion, by the way, we're really -- I've always said 71 billion, but Mexico were 130 billion. That's a real number because nobody includes the VAT tax. Nobody even knows what about taxes, but Mexico charges a 16% VAT tax. So nobody ever talks about it. You know they'd do it.
And you know I'm putting up tremendous amounts of money. Today I wrote another check for $10 million. I'm spending money like crazy. I'll probably have over maybe close to or over $100 million of my money spent on the campaign. But there's something nice about that. Unless I lose, in which case I say, What was that all about?" But we're gonna do what's right for you
Who is going to pay for the wall? Who? Hundred percent. Hundred percent. We have, right now, a 58-billion-dollar-a-year trade deficit with Mexico. The walls gonna cost $10 billion. Gonna be a nice wall, gonna be beautiful, gonna be very big, very powerful. Someday they're gonna name that wall after Donald Trump.
Let's end it." Now it's, uh, it's pretty amazing actually. How 'bout when they were flying 'em, did you see, they got caught two months ago? Everyone's, you know, they're pouring through but then we found out that they're flying them over the border, freely flying thousands and thousands of people over the borders into little towns and states, great states, that they didn't do anything to deserve this and they're being swamped now.
That's a good thing. It's really hard. These stupid people that have been running this operation for 30, 40 years, and they come out against me and all they did is stick us in these endless wars. We're fighting for sand and blood, sand, and blood. Syria. What do you get out of it? You get sand, you get blood, you get injuries, you get death.
They're humans." I said, "No, they're not humans. They're not humans. They're animals." Nancy Pelosi told me that. She said, "Please don't use the word animals when you're talking about these people." I said, "I'll use the word animal because that's what they are." I'll never forget my vow to her, wonderful mother, father, and sister, two weeks ago.
They'd have to come to Washington every year. We took care of their funding and a lot of other things, criminal justice reform at a very, very high level, very fair. We got to be fair but very, very -- something that everybody -- really, we had tremendous conservative support, but criminal justice reform.
Let me begin by expressing my gratitude to Shelley. Great. Come here, come. Great guy, great guy. He's a good friend, and a great guy. Thank you very much, and your family is amazing. I want to thank you for putting together this [Technical difficulty] incredible guy. I wanted to thank you for putting together this incredible [Technical difficulty] Big fan.
For generations, America's destiny was made, forged, and won in places like Johnstown, and Pittsburgh, Erie and Altoona, Bethlehem and Montoursville. That's a nice name. Our American ancestors gave their blood, sweat, and tears to defend our country and our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raise up those great beautiful skyscrapers, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism.
And also that many of the cover terror and also that many of the member countries were not paying their member countries were not paying their member countries were not paying their fair share. As usual. The United States has been, as usual, the United States has been as usual, the United States has been picking up the cost shortly thereafter, picking up the cost shortly thereafter, picking up the cost.
Any senator who votes against repeal and replace is telling America that they are fine with the Obamacare nightmare, and I predict they'll have a lot of problems. In West Virginia, recent premiums have gone up 169% since Obamacare went into effect. In Alaska over 200%. And the deductibles have gone through the roof.
Those were their witnesses. We weren't allowed any rights. We had for the first time in the history of our country, we had virtually, no rights or due process, and despite that, we won. But if you read the crooked New York Times, if you read The Washington Post, which is just a horrible paper, you know, we don't have it anywhere in D.C., anymore.
But Democrats say they care about the poor, but their open border policies drive down wages, drain Social Services, and hurt the poorest Americans more than anybody else, and the crime that comes in is unbelievable. You know read it, they don't want to talk about it. Sanctuary City is a total disaster.
Could you imagine having -- if you made the statement, even that statement, we will stop it, people would say, "Is he insane?" Or we will give back parents their rights in school, they don t have any rights. No, but who would think you'd have to make that statement, Sid, right? We will give back parental rights.
No, he wouldn't -- he wouldn't play games. He wouldn't play games. But, you know, these people, the law enforcement, they're afraid in these places because it's so violent. They've never seen people like this. These are violent people that they're allowing into our country. It is truly an invasion. We're not going to let it happen.
It's windy as hell up here, I will tell you that, but it's beautiful. I brought this hat along just in case. Here. Just in case. But it is windy as hell up here. We stood up to the enemies of America. We withdrew from the Iran nuclear deal, which was tremendous. Remember all the money, $150 billion dollars, and 1.8 billion in cash. 1.8 billion.
Our steel industry was ready to go kaput. There's never been such a pathetic administration in all of history. There's never been anything like this. I'll tell you what. Jimmy Carter looks like a great president right now. Ladies and gentlemen, one of our greatest presidents, Jimmy Carter. Because by comparison, he looks great.
They don't want to lose their pension. They don't want to lose their house, their family. They're waiting to do it. We need to let our police do their job as only they can do it. If you want safety for your family and security for your community, you need to vote every Democrat out of office and vote for Republicans up and down the ballot.
He could do something that I couldn't do. I don't say that, because he was a horrible golfer. Remember, he challenged me during the debate to a golf match. He said I'm a six handicap. I said you're not a 36 handicap. He said he's a six and then he said, well, I'm eight. Remember? I said that was quick, picked up two strokes.
because nobody speaks English. And I believe he actually intends on keeping the people in the town. The town is ruined. It's destroyed. I mean, I am politically correct, but not when it's this important. Your -- your towns, your cities, your country is being destroyed. This is bigger than inflation, which is killing you all, caused by Biden and Harris with their stupid energy policy and all of their spending on the green new scam. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"]
Go into every drug den, every stash house, every hideaway, and round up the dealers and killers and the gang members and charge them with any and every crime that we find, and there are a lot of them, drug crimes, sex crimes, all sorts of crimes, vicious, vicious, horrible crimes like we've really never seen before, certainly not on a scale like this.
And we're also calling for a strong death penalty for anyone who kills a police officer. Right? We'll get that done. We'll get that done. [Applause] We'll get it done. Thank you. Thank you. Kamala actually claims that crime is down on her watch. Can you believe this? Crime's down. They lie. Crime's down? Crime is through the roof.
Yet the president of the United States or my opponent -- and both -- won't even say the words radical Islamic terror." [Booing]""et the president of the United St"
Turn them off. Turn them off, Charlie, he's 1.4 down. 1.4 down." You didn't see that with Trump. With Covid, we had tremendous success with therapeutics and operation warp speed which everybody says, to this day, was one of the most incredible things ever done by government. I rejected mandates. I rejected un-scientific lockdowns.
Americans must know that we are putting the American people first again. On trade, on immigration, on foreign policy -- the jobs, incomes and security of the American worker will always be my first priority.
So you think maybe something's going on that's not so good, all right? That's not so good. So, I talked about Japan and I talked about many aspects of it. I talked about the business debt. If we left Saudi Arabia, it would be, it would be, a terrible thing would happen to them. It'll be very fast. Nobody's going to attack them now because we're protecting them.
And you remember Brexit and they all went. And as you know, the U.K. took a big vote. They took a big vote and it was a vote that ended up exactly as I predicted. Yeah, you can get her out. Get her out. [Audience Boos] You know she looks just like Hillary Clinton actually. Is that Hillary? Hillary, is that you?
And in Iowa, we had a great time but we had a guy who cheated. I mean, you know, this guy Cruz, cheated. He really cheated. What he did to Ben Carson was a disgrace, OK? He cheated. Somebody just came up, you actually won Iowa and if the Republican Party had any guts, they would have terminated Cruz from that election because honestly, he cheated like a dog.
They've been treated very badly as a state. Together, we will rebuild Los Angeles better, more beautiful than ever before. We're going to get it going. We have the best builders in the world. It's the only people that could do it. Nobody else knows what the hell they're doing. And in 2028, the Los Angeles Olympics will be one of the great sporting events and patriotic celebrations in history.
The insurance companies didn't want to do it. The government didn't want to do it. The doctors didn't want to do it, tremendous liability, but our country didn't want to do it. They said well, if it doesn't work, we're going to get sued. I say, so they'll sign an agreement, very strong, one page, taking all liability away from the United States, from the drug companies, from the doctors, all liability, they're terminally ill, let's try it.
I'll be there. I'll be there, folks. Bad judgment, she's got bad, bad judgment. I'll tell you what, if Hillary Clinton becomes president -- and we'll beat her, and we'll beat her easily -- if Hillary Clinton becomes president and Ted Cruz can't beat her, first of all, I have a chance of winning New York.
And now they're older and they're going to leave and they're going to retire and they don't want to stay. They're so depressed at what's happened. But they're fighting, you saw the report, you probably all saw it. They had documentaries on television about how old our aircraft is in our services.
And we will create countless more if we can sustain the 3 percent growth rate we have achieved for the past two quarters. But we're going to do much better than that. Remember I used to say we can hit 4 and we can hit 3, and they were all saying, forget it, forget it. It was 1.2. It was doing terribly. We were flat. We were even. In all fairness the stock market was going this way, and now we're hitting numbers that nobody thought possible, certainly not in this time.
We had Remain in Mexico. You couldn't come in. We had all -- catch and release in Mexico, not in this country. We had the best border. It was so good and only going to get better. And now, we have the worst border ever in the world. In 2016, we had a bad border, and I solved the problem pretty quickly and it was no longer an issue in 2020.
You know, why I say she's nice because my daughter, Ivanka, likes. My daughter is so great. She's such a great person. My daughter likes her. She said, Daddy, she's such a nice person. I don't want nice. I want a killer. We're tired of the nice people. Somebody said it to me, Mr. Trump -- I don't know -- a woman, who's a fan of mine.
No, it's amazing the things we've been able to do in the last six months. Not only that, if you look at all of the, what we produce now. We've become a production, incredible what we're doing, and what we're sending to the world. The ventilators, what we're sending to the world. I mean, we're sending things that nobody could believe.
He's saying it could be better. You know what? You're doing great and everybody out here loves you and they appreciate you, they appreciate you. Good luck, guys. Good luck. Is your arm OK? He's all right? Good. Good guys. [Audience chants "USA"] Good guys. Jared and Brady, thank you for supporting the heroes and our law enforcement. We all love you, I'm telling you, they -- they were -- you really set something up that's incredible and thank your parents for letting you do it.
You so that? The enemy. Until his polls started dropping and then all of a sudden he said, "No, we loved law enforcement." I think I've gotten every major law enforcement group in the country, right. I even got -- you saw recently, I got New York's finest and they are New York's finest, but they're not allowed to do their job they're not allowed.
Right? Right, man? When Republicans retake Congress, they also need to crack down on, and really hard, big pharma for giving -- Listen to this, listen to this. Puberty blockers and other dangerous drugs to mutilate our youth. They're mutilating our youth. And you know, many of these young children grow up and they say, "Who did this to me?" Many of them, I think 64% or something, but very high percentage.
We're all in the same boat. But, it's going to pay off because we're going to turn our country around. [Applause]
We don't have enough time, but. He was always very strong, great lawyer. A tremendous lawyer. And also a big believer in the environment and keeping it good and clean and healthy. And I just want to thank you for the job. And the only thing I ask is that you go speedily. Because you know, a lot of people use the whole process, the environmental impact process to delay projects.
And now we are a nation that wants to make our revered and very powerful army tanks the best in the world, all electric, so that despite the fact they are also not able to go far, fewer pollutants will be released into the air as we blast our way through enemy territory, at least in an environmentally friendly way.
They're all leaving. Just last week, Master Lock -- I buy Master Locks -- closed down. And now, I won't buy them anymore. They're not making it. They're going to make them in Mexico now. They're moving to Mexico and to China. Thanks, Master Lock. We appreciate it. But it's really yet another Biden surrender.
They don't give a damn about your kids in South Carolina. Some of them do, in all fairness, but a lot of them don't. They want to know how much are they getting paid this week. And they do things and they write things and you're studying things that, you know, you don't want to be -- you're wasting your time.
This is what we're allowing into our country through this open borders. The United States is now an occupied country, whether you like it or not. We're an occupied country, thousands and thousands tens of thousands of these people. But it will soon be an occupied country no longer. [Audience responds affirmatively] On November 5th, 2024, liberation of America begins.
The truth is you look at what's happening with our country and I said happening with our country and I said happening with our country and I said, you know, we're gonna have fun. You know, we're gonna have fun. You know we're gonna have fun considering we don't have good subject considering we don't have good subject considering we don't have good subject matter, right.
That's okay. I don't know who they're angry at Hillary, you or I. For example, here she is tonight, in public, pretending not to hate Catholics. Now some of you haven't noticed, Hillary isn't laughing as much as the rest of us.
Right here. This is the state that pioneered the boardwalk, the diner, the motion picture, and gave the world American legends like Thomas Edison, Buzz Aldrin, Frank Sinatra, and so many more. New Jersey is where General George Washington led the Army to victory at Trenton and Princeton. And this is where generations of New Jersey patriots helped build this country into the single greatest nation in the history of the world.
I went and look -- look -- I guess -- am I a politician? I don't know. All I know is this. I ran one time and I won. One time. One time. [Audience Chants Four more years] Thank you. Thank you. You know what the new slogan is, so it's Make America Great Again. Right? New slogan is Keep America Great. But don't tell anybody.
The Nasdaq is up nearly 10 percent in just a few months, and that's a lot. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 2,200 points. And Bitcoin has set multiple all-time record highs, because everyone knows that I'm committed to making America the crypto capital. We want to stay -- we want to stay at the forefront of everything, and one of them is crypto.
And she's -- look, I mean, she's a disaster. She's a disaster. I think we're going to win Pennsylvania, but if we become president, we are going to do something that will be so great for something that we all love. OK? Something that we all love, and we have 90 days.
You got to see what the hell's going on because he doesn't know so somebody has to.
Just so you know, our companies are all trying to be stolen, and a lot of companies are lower than 21 percent. So, I want to bring it lower, and I've wanted to originally, I got it down to 21 percent. Everyone said that was impossible. Got it approved by Congress. But now I want to get down to 15 percent, but only for those companies that make their product in America.
And he's an incredible writer, a great intellect, Jeffrey Lord. Wherever you may be, Jeffrey. Thank you. As many of you know, last night we had a monumental victory in Nevada. It was a big win. We went over 99% of the vote and got more votes than any candidate in the history of the Nevada caucus. Think of that.
But it didn't, it won in the Supreme Court. They said it failed and they said that but you know what they meant in an earlier court, it lost. They didn't say that it won in this room. But how is that one? He -- he's -- they said he lost in court on the travel ban and that's right, in the early court. And then, I lost at the appellate division.
Bad things. Bad, bad things. Why didn't you create a -- for Hillary Clinton? I do ask that question. Actually, the truth is we got them by surprise in 2016 and in 2020, they planned for four years. They said, "This is not going to happen again." They planned it out. Earlier this year, the Biden administration issued new rules, pushing twisted, critical race theory into classrooms across the nation and also into our military.
And Danny O'Connor, on his resume, put stuff that wasn't true, OK? So he did that. You know, he would have thought he was Perry Mason or something. He was like a low-level person that did nothing. Danny O'Connor, that's a beauty. He's another beauty.
This is sort of just a great period of time for the country and it's a great period of time for the Republican Party. I also want to wish Congresswoman, a truly beautiful woman, Mary Miller, and her husband, her handsome husband. This is like a -- I'd like to use them on the front page of an advertisement for people that come to a hotel or something, but they're like a perfect -- I think they're a perfect couple.
There's plenty of conflicts there. You don't have to even think about it. And the fake news didn't want to mention anything. They didn't want to talk about it. It was bad for the election. It was bad for our country in their mind, but they probably knew talking about it would have been good. We can never really bring our country back unless we get an honest media, because they like the policing agent and they refuse to air scandal.
Rick Scott always delivers for the people of Florida. Rick Scott, please come up. Rick?
To win back The White House, however, you must get out and vote. And remember that this means early voting, which begins on October 20th. So you have to go out, vote, on the 8th. Or early vote starting from October 20th.
But they waited; her parents were waiting for hours. Somebody said, why don't you go back to the hotel and sleep for a few hours and come back and meet your daughter. This is what they do. You've got to see the weightlifting records though, they're the best of all, woman lifted 212 pounds. It was a world record.
Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days of a Trump administration. We're going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan. And Hillary wants to raise your taxes, as I said. We're going to eliminate every unnecessary job killing regulation. We will cancel every illegal Obama executive order.
I love love love having a woman president. It can't be her. She's horrible. She's horrible.
Thank you, Dan. It's so great to see where -- you know, one of Dan's competitors U.S. Steel, I guess that was the biggest company in the world 50 or 60 years ago, and now it was, you know, it was very hurt, very badly hurt and they're really back, and they announce their opening up seven or eight new plants.
We will never forget the historic crowds, that voice, the energy, and the profound faith of a preacher named Billy Graham. [Applause] Great man and great family. Franklin Graham. Great family. And they were for us -- I'll tell you, they were for us. Right from the beginning they were for us.
And he wants it to go forward. It's insane. Within his first few hours, Biden eliminated our national security travel bans on nations plagued by terrorism. His first priority was to open our borders to unvetted travelers from Libya, Yemen, Syria, Somalia, and many other countries where strict vetting cannot occur.
We will restore patriotic education to our schools, and we will teach our children to love their country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. Our MAGA movement, Make America Great Again, is by far the greatest political movement in the history of our country. Nobody can dispute it.
It's time to cut our ties with the failed politicians of the past. Hillary Clinton is the candidate of yesterday. She's been there, folks, for 30 years. It hasn't worked, it hasn't worked. She wants to fight ISIS. She's the one that started ISIS. When she was secretary of state there was no ISIS. She unleashed it with the vacuum, her and Obama.
They weren't so politically correct in 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer.
Before I came into office, the far left's policy of open borders allowed deadly drugs to flow freely into our country, and that's what they want. [Audience Boos] I see them campaigning right down the street. It's really boring to watch, but I try and watch. I have an obligation to watch, really boring stuff, but they want open borders.
That's pretty good. It's about 82 percent. [Applause]
Where is Jason? A nice, tall character right here. Thank you very much, Jason. And somebody that's been with me from day one. He's a real general. You know, we have the real generals and we have the fake, woke generals that did so poorly in Afghanistan, should have all been fired. But this is a real general, Keith Kellogg.
I think my people put it up about 20 minutes before the debate ended. But the greatest part of the debate was the end, right? That end was so beautiful. He's gonna wean himself off oil. I said, "Texas are you listening? Pennsylvania, Ohio are you listening? No, no, it's a fraud. The whole deal with him is a fraud." He was a cheerleader for NAFTA, the worst trade deal in history.
Like citizens of all backgrounds, Black Americans want to live in safety. And that is what I will deliver as your president. You want safety more than anybody else. You want safety. You want to be able to go get a loaf of bread and not be shot. I will bring back the rule of law in America and your community will be safe.
It was crazy. I'm looking at the audience. Some of my friends were there, almost as tough as the football players that we have. We have some of the great football players. Almost as tough. I don't know if you guys did, but they were tough cookies, and I see them crying. They're trying to be cool. You know, "no, I wasn't crying," but the whole place was crying.
He believed in values that we should all believe in. Charlie created something very special. It's called Turning Point USA. And under the leadership and love of Erika, it will become bigger and better and stronger than ever before. So Charlie, we all wanna thank you. We wanna say a very loud God bless you, Charlie.
Anyway, but a normal Republican cannot take your turns. Frankly, I hate to say this, cannot think in terms of bringing in Michigan. And if you don't bring in Michigan that's you know, it's tough. It makes you -- you have a very narrow road. Structurally, it's very hard for a Republican to get elected.
And they like a place called Israel very much. Would you say that's correct? Maybe I have to use the word "love" a place called Israel, right? In your case. Thank you as well to Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman for being here. Carolyn, thank you very much. Great -- great job. And also, the tireless advocate -- because Carolyn has been very much involved with criminal justice reform along with Jared Kushner, who has been very, very much involved.
They want to be in the back. I don't know, I think they're pretty good politicians, too. But we're -- I just want to thank everybody here and everybody all over because you've been incredible because it's important that we win. You know, the way you really win. They cheat like hell. That's all they're good at is cheating in elections.
They killed two young students walking to school, two beautiful young women, young girls, and they were walking to school. And they got them walking to school, and they knifed them up and cut them up, didn't want to use guns because that's not painful. And, you know, who got rid of them? ICE, their friends from ICE.
We will stand strong with the courageous heroes of ICE, Border Patrol, and law enforcement. These are fantastic people. They want to get rid of ICE. ICE is so -- these are great patriots. These are great people, but they're also tough. Shaun can tell you about that. You need toughness at a certain point, Shaun, right?
It has nothing to do with you. It has to do with people that are very stupid people and I think very evil people in the white House. Your state lost one in three manufacturing jobs after Biden supported the NAFTA disaster and China's entrance into the WTO. That was a long time ago, but it showed his thinking.
It's just too much, Mr. President. The economy is too good. The jobs are too strong. We're doing too well, is there anything you can do? I'm going to say, "Ron, I don't care what you say, we're going to keep on winning."
Had he thought I was -- and I didn't even know I was going to release anything before I did it. But I said, "Release -- " How transparent can you get, right? They're saying we're holding back. Holding back? I gave the transcript of the call. But he did it and then I released the transcript. They never thought in a million years -- even in terms of violation with another country, but we got approval.
John Cornyn. One simple question, did you leak it? And she choked. No, no, no, I don't think so. Oh. In other words, she leaked it, right? She leaked it. She leaked it. But that was a disgrace, what we watched up there. Right? What we watched up there. It's no surprise that Joe Donnelly is holding a rally this weekend with Barack H. Obama.
In addition to the explosive evidence gathered by True the Vote showing a massive illegal ballot harvesting scheme in Georgia and other swing states, revealing thousands and thousands of ballot traffickers. They're known as mules. They go in. They carry ballots every day. There's more overwhelming evidence that the 2020 election -- and by the way, it's even beyond the standpoint of evidence.
I am also going to indemnify all police officers -- This is a big thing and it's a brand new thing, and I think it's so important. I'm going to indemnify through the federal government, all police officers and law enforcement officials throughout the United States from being destroyed by the radical left for taking strong actions against crime.
For 28 minutes I didn't say anything at the end. And then he faded in the end. I wasn't asked any questions. I want to just say they're so dishonest. So here's what happened. So for the first two hours everything was me. It was either a question to me, right? These guys are honorable guys even though they have to stand up and take a bath.
Let that word out, if you don't mind. Cancel culture. Let's cancel -- Let's change everything. No, we're leaving the name Fort Bragg. A lot of -- We won two world wars out of Fort Bragg and other great places. Gee, let's change the name of Fort Bragg. We obliterated the Isis caliphate and we killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi.
America will always be a nation of great builders. Because in America, we honor work. We honor grit. We honor craftsmanship. We honor the men and women who turn dreams into reality with their own two, beautiful hands. In America, we honor all of you.
Because of these ruinous policies, total government spending this year is $1.5 trillion higher than was projected to occur when I left office just four years ago. Likewise, the cost of servicing the debt is more than 230 percent higher than was projected in 2020. The inflation rate we are inheriting remains 50 percent higher than the historic target.
And I got the -- you probably heard. The border patrol agents, 16,500 border patrol agents endorsed Donald Trump and they've never done it before for a president. [Applause]  They've never done it before in a presidential -- 16,500. Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona, great guy.
They always have it fixed on your face. It's always fixed on your face. They don't want to show the cut because they're dishonest people and I'm telling you. No, they're dishonest people. The media is so dishonest. Like this story on the front page of The New York Times today, front page. I love being on the front page and I'm from New York.
That's true. And if they win, even if they win the House, it's going to be just fighting, fighting, fighting. It's going to be -- we'll be -- you love my hair? Thank you. [Laughter] She knows what to say. She knows how to make me happy. "I love your hair." [Laughter] Well, the one thing that has been really great about this whole endeavor, they used to say, he wears a hairpiece, he wears a hair -- they don't say that anymore.
Some people thought it went much too fast, went too fast. So, we kill him and they say what a horrible -- if we didn't kill him they'd say what a horrible thing, right? You know with the wall, we're building a wall. You know that, right? And by the way, they think they caught me and they'd never catch us because, you know, Mexico's paying for the wall.
And a big part of it is the fact that the companies kicked in because nobody saw that. AT&T came in, another one came in, another one -- Comcast.
So we're going to do a terrific job. We have such support and so many people, I heard the other night, you know, they're talking about the different states. And they said they're going to be really, really tough to beat Trump in New Hampshire. Because they really like him and I like you the same. I love the people.
Unfortunately, a small number of the people that work at Trump National in Doral, which is Miami, they are on Obamacare, a small percentage. And as I said this morning, they are having tremendous difficulty. In fact, a lot of them have said, can you take me off Obamacare. Should I do it or not? Should I take them off? [Applause]
I want to acknowledge CVS Caremark for announcing last month that it will limit certain first-time opioid prescriptions to seven-day supplies, among other important reforms. And I encourage other companies to do their part to help to stop this epidemic. [Applause]
By the way, fifty nine person we're going to the way fifty, nine person, we're going to the way fifty, nine person. We're going to take it back for african-american youth, take it back for african-american youth, take it back for african-american youth who have a fifty nine percent who have a fifty nine percent who have a fifty nine percent unemployment rate and have no chance.
I think this, the one who treated Sleepy Joe the worst was Kamala. She accused him of -- me too, she accused him of everything, she accused him of -- that he was a racist, right? That he was a racist. Because what he's done to the black population of this country was a terrible thing. She's accused him of everything under the book, the busing, you remember the busing scandal?
However, in the event we are not able to reach a solution working with Congress and our allies, then the agreement will be terminated. It is under continuous review, and our participation can be cancelled by me, as President, at any time.
We have nations that you wouldn't believe ahead of us. We have nations that you wouldn't believe. So we're going to win on trade. We're going to take our jobs back. We're going to bring jobs into the country. We're going to beat China. We're going to beat Japan. We're going to do great with Mexico. We're going to do wonderfully with that horrible Iran pack.
I believe this. Now some people can dispute it. They cheat in the elections and they cheat now like never before. And these ballots, these paper ballots that are being sent out by the millions and millions, you'll never ever be able to control it. Whether it's postmen or women and, you know, both ways -- Whether it's postmen, and they tend to be very Democrat.
Not only is this the largest spending bill of all time and the largest tax hike of all time, this monstrosity is so dangerous for our country and so bad for children and grandchildren to come. This monstrosity is a bill to end America as we know it. It's so bad. And the Republicans have to stay strong. You have to stay strong.
I can't. You know the sir is not as good without a little extra emphasis, you know, but I want to do it. Because CNN -- every time I use a bad word, CNN, and ABC that did such a phone, oh, Donald Trump use the bad word, the bad word. You know, the bad word, there was nothing, it was nothing it's what they use every night at home, believe me.
This is not what you want. I know the people of Arizona, you don't want -- you don't want it. A Democrat victory in November would be a bright flashing invitation to every trafficker, smuggler, drug dealer, and illegal alien on the planet, come on in. Come on in, folks. A Republican victory would send the message that America will enforce our borders and defend our citizens.
Let's get them all back, don't forget we are energy independent. There used to be a reason now we do have a reason it's called Israel but and we have some very good partnerships over there in all fairness, we have some countries that have treated us very well, and we are going to take care of those countries, but we are energy independent for the first time, and that is a very good feeling.
Remember that, please. Remember that. Or they're represented by lobbies, so the steel people love me. The coal people love me. Many people love me. You know who loves me? Our country has never done better. That's who loves me. Crazy. So to give our workers and businesses, just on finishing up. A level playing field Republicans passed the biggest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history.
I think I might have to order one, Henry, I don't know. Over the past 12 years, Sportsman has become one of the most respected names in the industry. And as I saw just moments ago, every single inch of these beautiful boats is designed and built right here in South Carolina, by very skilled South Carolina hands.
But now the Democrats are so extreme that Miami will soon be the refuge for those fleeing communism in New York City. They flee. They flee. Where do you live, New York City but I'm trying to leave because I don't want to live in a communist regime. I hope it works out for New York. I love New York. I love New York.
He had five seconds. He saw the flash, and he knew what that was. And within five seconds, he got off a shot. One bullet. Think of it. One bullet, and that was the end. Otherwise, you would have had -- you would have had many people dead. He did a hell of a job, and that was from a very far distance. That was for -- from basically about triple the distance.
Go ahead. Say something.
I'm trying, Franklin. I'm telling you. No. He's a good man. He's a good man. I issued guidance making clear that the right to freedom of worship does not end at the door of a public school. We know that. I was the first and only president to convene a meeting at the United Nations to end religious persecution worldwide.
35-percent tax and every air conditioner that you make and sell into the United
I mean on either side certainly hasn't - I mean on either side certainly hasn't - I mean on either side, everybody is taking money from all these. Everybody is taking money from all these. Everybody is taking money from all these different groups, whether it's the oil different groups, whether it's the oil different groups, whether it's the oil people or whether it's any people that people or whether it's any people that people or whether it's any people that you talk about.
I was in the Oval Office with him once, and right in the middle of a sentence, I was talking, he said, "I have to leave, sir." I said, "I'm in the middle of a sentence." I'm telling you about ethanol or something. I don't know what the hell I'm telling you about. He said, "No, sir, I have to leave. I haven't missed a vote." How many years, Chuck?
And the way they treated some of these people were just horrible people. You couldn't fire them. And now we looked at them, and we took about 7,000 of them, and we said, you re fired. Get out, get out, get out. That was a big thing. And by the way, I don't know if you know it, but Biden wants to put them all back.
Space Force has been very important, very, very important. When I did that, the other people came in. They wanted to end it, and they were just hammered because people realize how important -- we were getting just destroyed in space. And now, we're leading. We are leading with all of the major metrics in space.
They have total control over a whole nation posing a grave threat to our national security. The cartels are waging war on America and it's time for America to wage war on the cartels, which we are doing. [Applause] Five nights ago, Mexican authorities, because of our tariff policies being imposed on them, think of this, handed over to us 29 of the biggest cartel leaders in their country.
Look at -- look at Springfield, Ohio, beautiful Ohio. I love Ohio. I love Ohio. Look at Springfield, Ohio, a town -- small city, but a town of 50,000 people. They've implanted 32,000 illegal migrants into the town. Nobody could survive that. They have to leave. They have to leave. I'm sorry. Nobody could survive that.
And Prime Minister Abe, where negotiating trade deals because every country has been ripping us off for years. And I really like the prime minister, he's a friend of mine, but I said, "Mr. Prime Minister, we've got to do something." For so many decades we've been losing tens of billions of dollars to China and Japan, and India, and name any country and we lost, but we're not losing anymore.
I got ANWR -- so proud of it. I got ANWR. Nobody could do it. Ronald Reagan [Audio gap] hard. He couldn't get it approved. And that was a lot easier environmentally, a lot easier in those days. But I got it approved. We were going to start drilling in ANWR very shortly. Great for Alaska, but great for the country.
We will make American Great Again.
They wanna take that statue of Andrew Jackson down right away, Thomas Jefferson. That's a tough one to take down, right? Thomas Jefferson. They wanna take down the Jefferson Memorial. Anybody see the Jefferson? I don't think we're moving. I'll tell you what, if I wasn't your president last summer, you may have the Jefferson Memorial taken down.
It was crazy. And I'm talking to this person and I'm saying, "Wait a minute. Something's happening. I got to hold. Just hold it." I put the phone -- and it was a very important person. I'm looking at something on the screen. I'm seeing this 24-story tube come down, and it looked like it was getting -- Congressman, it looked like it was getting a little bit close to the gantry, or whatever the hell they call that nowadays.
Thank you. Stand up -- the Little Sisters of... [Applause] They fought so hard for so many years. All of a sudden they heard, we won, right? [Laughter] They were tough. Don't want to mess with the Little Sisters, right? [Laughter] They hung in. They had a lot of losses. They sustained a lot of losses, but all of a sudden, one day, a few weeks ago, it was over; they won. So congratulations. Great toughness, great. Great people. [Applause]
If we caught then stealing hundreds of thousands of dollars, you couldn't do anything about it. I got a law passed in Congress. We got rid of 9,000 bad people and hired people that love our veterans. And then on Choice, we have some great doctors in the VA, but you couldn't get to them. It would take sometimes months.
You know, we had people coming in from parts of Africa, the Congo. Twenty-two people from the Congo a couple of months ago. Where do you live? The Congo. Oh, what's your address? We lived in prison. What did you do? We refuse to say. Oh, welcome to America. It's lovely to have you. They come from Asia, the Middle East.
They want to keep us from talking about the issues. We will not let that happen, we're going to talk about the real issues which is jobs and illegal immigration, and our depleted military, and taking care of our vets... [Applause]
You know, we got rid of the individual mandate, the most unpopular thing. The disaster known as Obamacare. Jacky Rosen voted against Kate's Law. [Audience Boos] And she voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities, which nobody wants. [Audience Boos] And Jacky Rosen voted against the V.A. Accountability Act.
And someone comes along and says, "How did he get the deal? How did he get it?" I think that was another subpoena. How did I get it? Anybody else gets it, you know. But how did I get it? Then I sold it and we made a profit. And then, they wanted to start another investigation. And then, they found out that I got it from the Obama administration long before I won the presidency, and that was the end of that.
So give me a break. It's a disgrace, what's happening. There's a double -- there's a thing happening with the media like nobody's ever seen before, these people right here. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Because if that happened to a Republican, in particular, if any of that stuff happened to me, it would be brutal, but it happened to him.
Well, you know, it's interesting, Matthew, that if you look over the last 30 years or so, for whatever reason, Christians are not tremendous voters in terms of percentage. If they were, we'd never lose an election. We wouldn't have had these people in office. We would never lose an election. And I think they're -- I think they are.
I want to do something we're losing billions and billions and billions of dollars a year with China with these ridiculous deals that were made by people that don't have a clue. I'm self-funding my campaign, I'm not having people give me checks for millions of dollars. These guys are all controlled, including Ted.
India, we are supposed to pay them money because they are a developing nation. I said, "We're a developing nation, too." "Why aren't we -- " Under the WTO, China is called a "developing nation." So we wrote them a letter recently; Larry knows it. I'm not sure Larry liked the idea too much, but he went along with it. We wrote them a very tough letter, Larry, and we said --
I will purge the deep state, and I will prevent World War III, which is where we're headed. Not only is crooked Joe Biden the most incompetent president in American history, he can't even put two sentences together, Joe Biden is the most corrupt president in American history. The Biden's colossal scams, money laundering, and criminality make Hillary Clinton look like a very beautiful angel.
There's no question about it. Pete Stauber, my friend. A Congresswoman who's a patriot and a real fighter and she's always been with me right from the beginning, Michelle Fischbach. Thank you, Michelle, thank you very much. And the greatest purchaser of advertising in the history of the country. There's never been -- I don't know.
There's some tough people here. None of you want the job. It's a tough job, but they like it, and they're great Patriots, and they've done a fantastic job. They ceded control of the border to the most dangerous and ruthless cartels on earth. This is what would happen. They have ceded. And what we've done, did you ever notice the caravans?
So, we never want to do that. That's too much. Hydrogen cars, I think we'll -- we'll take a pass on hydrogen. "Sir, your wife was in a little accident." "Oh, what kind of a car?" "Hydrogen." "Where is she?" "We don't know. She's gone. She's gone, sir. She's gone." "Oh, my wife. I want to see my wife again."
And they'd say, "That wall is obsolete. With modern technology... " No, no, modern technology is like, "Let's watch everybody pour in." No, we have a wall.
Thank you, everybody, thank you. I didn't know that Melania was going to be saying the Lord's Prayer, but I thought that was very beautiful, thank you, thank you.
We have cut 22 regulations for every one new regulation, the most in the history of our country. We have unlocked America's vast energy resources.
And they really did wage war. But we have a man here, and I'm going to introduce some of your people. We have a man here who knows Tester better than I do, better than anybody does. And Tester and I have nothing to do with each other. And when you watch his commercials, you can forget it. He never votes for me. He voted to impeach me. That guy voted to impeach me, stomach brimming out like a big slob.
But this guy had 22 people come in with him -- 22 people. And he's in our justice system now. He's been there for about a year. It'll take forever. We better get smart, we better get tough and smart. Take forever court after court after court, and then they end up making deals.
Does everybody listen to his show? [Audience responds affirmatively] He's been loyal. I'll tell you one thing. That guy was with me through thick and thin. Anything that came up, he said, "The president is innocent." I said, "Oh, thank you, Sebastian." He would say, "I don't know exactly what they're accusing him of, but he's innocent."
That's right. New York, New York. I'll tell you, they might be screwing up New York. We got to be careful, right? The taxes are going high. They're doing a mansion tax now. You know what that is, right? They want to be your partner. That's not good -- the mansion tax. I just heard about that one.
Infrastructure -- we're going to start spending on infrastructure big. And it's not like we have a choice. It's not like, oh, gee, let's hold it off. Our highways, our bridges are unsafe. Our tunnels -- I mean, we have tunnels in New York where the tiles are on the ceiling, and you see many tiles missing. And you wonder, you know, you're driving at 40 miles an hour, 50 miles an hour through a tunnel. Take a look at the Lincoln Tunnel and the Queens-Midtown Tunnel, and you're driving, and you see all this loose material that's heavy. And it was made many years ago, so it's heavy. Today, it's light. It used to be better. The problem is, you got to hold it up. And I say to myself -- every time I drive through, I say, I wonder how many people are hurt or injured when they are driving at 40, 50 miles an hour through a tunnel, and the tile falls off. And there are so many missing tiles and such loose concrete. So we have to fix our infrastructure. It's not like we have a choice. We have no choice, and we're going to do it, and it also happens to mean jobs, which is a good thing.
And he's -- he does have great ideas. And getting a Kennedy to endorse a Trump Republican, that was a big deal, right? He's a good man. He's a good man, and he's doing a real job. And he really does have some amazing views to my way of -- especially on health, health of people. Representatives John Moolenaar -- where's John? He's around here.
We can use one per person. We don't need to use it on two people. So, it was a great day for Hillary about two months ago when I said, "We're not going to call her Crooked Hillary anymore. We're just going to call her maybe Beautiful Hillary. She's a beautiful woman." And I think she and Bill, they have a great relationship.
You were right there, watching it. You saw it. And you guys, by the way, weren't moving either. I saw you, you didn't move. You were just -- they were standing just like they're standing right now. They were standing. They were -- they're great. They're great. And sad, such a -- such a distressed sick world.
Hello. All right. Get him out. Thank you. Thank you. That's all right. He's he's another quiet one. I know how tough the people of Kansas. You are tough people. How come the protesters are so weak. What's going on? What's going on?
But they get upset when I say somebody is brilliant. But here's what I will say. They're all at the top of their game. I know every one of them, all these leaders. They're smart as hell. They're tough, they're cunning. Some are vicious. Most of them are vicious, actually. They think the United States is run by fools.
You're right. Where's Mike? I'll get them to agree. But they disagree on a lot of things and you can understand it. But that's the thing, inversion. That's the thing they agree on, and they can't get it done. So, Washington is gridlocked. Nothing happens. And nothing good is going to happen if you folks vote in more of these politicians.
We'll see. We'll see what happens. Maybe I'll get better. Just let it be fair, but they don't have that. We will enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with those beautiful, beautiful words made in the USA, made in America. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine.
With your support, we will end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America. And really, a lot of factories are coming right back here to Arizona where they were taken from you. We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American.
All of us here today are deeply committed to school safety. Nothing is more important than protecting innocent lives. And I will tell you, Wayne and Chris, and all of the people at the NRA, we speak about it all the time. These are great people. These are great Americans. These people have great heart. They know what they're doing.
By contrast, the Democrats are promising to elevate their leftwing war on [DEL: cox :DEL] [cops] and to bring it up to the White House in the form of Sleepy Joe Biden. I don't think that's going to work.
It's incredible, the antibody. I think the antibody is the best thing. We're going to make it free. So you know and it's been incredible what we've been able to do. If you support our police, if you stand with the heroes of law enforcement, then you must defeat the Democrats on November 3rd. You have to do it.
So I just want to -- [Audience chants "Four More Years"] Thank you. I just want to say stay healthy, stay sharp, be careful. Be very careful. Go out and work like hell. We need every single vote that we can get because it's probably going to be close. I always assume it's going to be close. They have these suppression, the fakers back there, they have the suppression polls where they interview many more Democrats than they do Republicans.
Well in France, 36 million people, it was all done by 10 o'clock in the evening and nobody was complaining. I mean you had one person that was sad and one person that was happy, but there were no complaints. And you had all paper, all paper ballots, all same day voting. This stuff with 48 days to vote, and then they take boxes of ballots and they put them here and they'd take a wheelbarrow full, they put it there.
I go, tariff is my fourth favorite word. It sounds so terrible, but this way I'm free, I ride free. I don't get clobbered by the fake news. But tariffs are also a powerful tool of diplomacy and all around the world are moving quickly to bring back peace through strength. We have the greatest--I rebuilt our entire military in the first term.
Kristina. What a group. Secretary of state and somebody that I've known for a long time. He did great. I think he happened to win the last election for the Senate. I happen to think he won it by quite a bit. And now he's way leading. He's doing a fantastic job. He's got the most beautiful family you've ever seen, John James.
Already, as a result of my administration's efforts, in 2018 drug prices experienced their single largest decline in 46 years. But we must do more. It is unacceptable that Americans pay vastly more than people in other countries for the exact same drugs, often made in the exact same place. This is wrong, unfair, and together we can stop it. I am asking Congress to pass legislation that finally takes on the problem of global freeloading and delivers fairness and price transparency for American Patients.
But don't worry about it, because if I get elected, there'll be very little negotiation. A Trump administration will renegotiate NAFTA and if we don't get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers, I want free trade, I want fair trade. You know, everyone wants free trade, we keep calling it free trade. Well I want free trade too but I really want fair trade, fair for this country and for our workers. That's what it's going to be, we're going to have fair, fair trade. [Applause]
We believe -- especially the people in Tennessee, I know you people so well -- [Applause] -- in peace through strength. That's what we're going to have. And we are taking steps to make sure that our allies pay their fair share. They have to pay. [Applause] We've begun a dramatic effort to eliminate job-killing federal regulations like nobody has ever seen before -- slash, slash. We're going to protect the environment, we're going to protect people's safeties, but, let me tell you, the regulation business has become a terrible business, and we're going to bring it down to where it should be. [Applause]
They're going to harvest ballots, even though, in some cases, in most cases, it's illegal, it's illegal as hell, and it should be illegal. So this is a disaster waiting to happen and the only hope we have really, other than going through a long, unbelievable litigation at the end after it's over because we're going to win.
And I was being hit. I never saw anything like it. It was like I'm shooting like this. And I thought I did really well. And although some of the pundits said, "He was too nasty, he was too tough." What am I going to be? Nice? That these people are shooting at me, I'm supposed to be like. Somebody said, "He was too tough and he was too nasty." Well we got to be nasty folks like with ISIS.
Right? And they love their daddy. I was a good father, but I have smart children and good children. And I'm getting a lot of credit. I think they were the star of the convention. Mike, I think they saved us. I think they saved us, Mike. But no, my children were really -- I mean and they're saying -- people are saying that.
Emboldened by that disaster, Russia invaded Ukraine. They saw this group of people that were incompetent. We took the soldiers out first. No, no, we're going to take the soldiers out second. If they would have followed my plan. We had a great plan, but the plan only kicked in if they did everything perfectly, and they weren't doing things perfectly.
But what you should do is take a look at the behavior of sleepy Joe. So, I quote, I said -- let me act like him. I've got to speak really slow, though, and I said you're not getting a billion. I looked at them and I said, I'm leaving in six hours. If the prosecutor isn't fired, you're, not getting the money, you understand?
We did great things. He gave us 28,000 soldiers free of cost to stop people from coming into our country. But I said to -- I said to Macron, "You can't put the tax." "Oh, Donald, I'm sorry. I am sorry, I have already done this [Inaudible]" The equivalent of our legislature. "And I'm so sorry. I am so sorry, but I have done this." I said, "No you haven't." "Oh, no. No, you don't understand.
You know who that is? We will take you back. Then I started to say, actually, it should be much less. It should be like 5 or 6 million, right? But I didn't want to go there. We will take you back for 39 million. You're right, president. I said, well, we'll think about it. We'll see what happens. But the offer will remain open, right?
And today we've taken them and we've put 'em all together and we've come up with this beautiful mix like nobody thought was possible. And as you know, I've just come from Israel. It was an amazing day to watch the hostages come in and to watch all of the other things and do all of the other things that we did.
That's a big difference, $5,000. It's $5,000. Low-cost energy also helped us bring jobs and factories roaring back from China, Mexico, and all of the other foreign countries that have been ripping us off for many years, decades and decades. We created an incredible 1.2 million new manufacturing jobs. Nobody said that was possible.
I mean, we were very popular. But when they did that, I said, "Well, I'm going to tell the truth. He is the most incompetent president we've ever had, the most corrupt, and he's the worst president we've ever had." What he's done just on the border, what he's done in Afghanistan. I was getting out, but we were going to get out with dignity and strength, and it would have been faster.
When we got up, oh, and then this guy comes along, ding, ding, ding. He never lifted weights before, right? That's no good. That's so ridiculous. People are afraid to talk. I'm talking about it because I talk about it. I talk common sense. People you have to talk about it. Even the teammates, they don't want to do it. They think it's politically incorrect to talk about it. There's nothing politically incorrect about it. It's going to destroy women's sports.
I mean I had like I think 14 or 15 people, right? 14 to 15, how the hell do you break 50%? I mean I think that's like I must have gotten a record. So you have 17 people, you down to 15 or 14 and then you get this this massive number, whatever it might be. And they say, he has not broken 50%. Who the hell's Abraham Lincoln could not have broken 50%.
Would have been a whole different story. Would have been a whole different story. And so sad, it's so sad. And then you go over to California where you had the two young -- they call them the newlyweds, the press, the newlyweds, oh newlyweds? I don't think they're newly weds. So you know to radicalize people and they went in and they killed 14 people.
We have brand new fighter jets, brand new bombers, brand new missiles and rockets -- Hypersonic missiles. We have hypersonic and hydrosonic. You know what hydrosonic is? Water. We have them all. We have missiles that go seven times faster than any missile in the world. [Audience chants "USA"] And when we took over, our military was decimated.
And even did a deep and ugly search of the room of my 16-year-old son, leaving everything they touched in far different condition than it was when they started. Can you believe it? The FBI and the Justice Department have become vicious monsters controlled by radical left scoundrels, lawyers, and the media who tell them what to do, you people right there, and when to do it. They're trying to silence me, and more importantly, they are trying to silence you.
Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as one people, under one God, saluting one American flag, can you imagine. [Applause]
These are millions and millions of people. On Day 1, I will shut down this travesty, terminate all work permits for illegal aliens, and demand that Congress send me a bill outlawing all welfare payments to illegal migrants of any kind. Do we have to ask them to leave? We have to ask them to go home. We have to. And we start with the really bad ones first if that's OK. Some people say, "Oh, we got to get the bad ones out." We have really bad, really bad people, and we got to get them out of here fast because this is a bomb that's waiting to happen.
I have signed 29 new bills, a record not surpassed since the Truman administration. [Applause] This includes 13 resolutions to eliminate intrusive federal regulations, the most ever signed in our history. In keeping our promise to our veterans, I have signed legislation to extend veterans choice, and the head of the veteran's administration is here with us tonight, David Chilton. He did an incredible job. We have increased by 42% the approval for veterans using the Choice program. I have also created an office of accountability at the VA. Our message to federal workers is clear: If you fail our veterans, you will be held accountable. [Applause]
But you'll have it go down very greatly. One of the things we're going to do is we're going to do an advertising campaign, they're working on it right now, and that's saying how bad drugs are for you. I was speaking actually to the president of Mexico saying, you can't send the people through your country.
Think of it. The inflation, the economy is terrible. Everything is terrible. We're not respected in the world. A war that would have never happened with Russia and Ukraine started. A situation in Israel would have never ever happened, never ever happened, and that's a disaster. The whole Middle East is blowing up.
But I won't tell you about a very expensive except if you happen to be in Jerusalem and it's a beautiful embassy and it's opened and now we have the capital. And I'll tell you something, think of it, every single President. You go back during the campaign, they used to campaign on it and nobody had the guts to do it, but we did it.
Thank you very much. Representatives Jerry Carl, Barrymore, Gary Palmer. Robert, where's Robert? Robert Aderholt. He's been another one. Oh, and one of my favorite people. She's so smart. I hope she's around. I hope she's around. She is an incredible woman. She's a brilliant woman. Doesn't get credit for it, but we all know about that stuff.
It goes back further than you can see. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Great family. Great, incredible family. And he loved you a lot. And, you know, his wife said something very beautiful. The public, a lot of people, all of us, a lot of people have been very generous, and she said, "I'd rather have my husband."
So now they know the wall's going to happen. So now he's going to say, We won't pay for that F, you know, the wall." at wall but he used the word I didn't.
And this is the home that we want. This is the home that we want our children to inherit. We will love and cherish and protect this nation forever. For all of the soaring heights that we've reached, we know that there are still more records to be shattered, new summits to be scaled, more triumphs to be realized, and more amazing history just waiting to be written.
He's a brave guy and another brave man and a highly respected man and a man who gave Eddie a hell of a fight that was close and they've developed a real relationship and a respect for each other. They were on the campaign trail and it was a nasty campaign, but not really nasty enough because Ralph respects Eddie a lot and Eddie respects Ralph a lot.
[Audience chants "U.S.A."] Well, thank you very much. And on behalf of Melania and myself and our entire family, I want to thank you all for being here tonight. It's a very special occasion at a very special place. You and all of those watching are the heart and soul of this incredible movement, and the greatest country in the history of the world.
You wouldn't believe it. They're making a fortune. They took Ford, they took Nabisco they taking it all out. Of course they're going to pay. That's peanuts. And the wall is peanuts too. You know the wall is a thousand, basically, it's 2,000 miles across. But we only need a thousand miles of wall, OK. Even less.
I mean, you know it's -- but we should celebrate their doctors. Who would think you go up into sort of the country, right, the country. And you have two doctors that took two men that were so badly wounded, and they saved their lives, right? Just very talented people. There are a lot of talented people in our country.
My administration will go to work for you as no one has ever done before - we will work. We will bring back jobs. We will work.
And I'm not talking about that total nonsense about, boom, into his stomach, and the belt saved it. OK. OK. I'm not talking about those, I said I'm not going to mention them tonight. So just disregard. It's like you tell before a jury or the judges, please disregard. Oh, OK. We'll disregard. So what happens, what happens, is Kasich does a commercial.
But this is big stuff. This is far more than a campaign. This is the greatest political movement in the history of our country. I look around, I see all the MAGA shirts and Trump, and Trump, and MAGA, MAGA, MAGA, like that beautiful woman back there with her Trump sweatshirt. I like that sweatshirt a lot.
These are human beings." I don't think they were humans. Most of those indicted were in our country illegally, 19 to be exact, 19 of 22, think of that. They want to protect -- These are savage beasts. These are savage killers, and they should have been brought out a long time ago by the Obama administration.
I want the cleanest water. You know, I don't know if you know, in my two last years, we had the cleanest water we've ever had. We had the cleanest air we've ever had, and we had the most jobs and the most factories working that we've ever had. And the jobs they picked up were what called bounce-back jobs.
Singapore, likewise, despite the wealth and all of the other aspects that would normally lead to massive use of drugs, has no drug problem because dealers are given, after a fast trial, the death penalty. Many years ago, China became a drug-ridden country. It was weak, lethargic, and large sections were easily taken over by other countries and the enemy.
We need to be going to work for the American people, we can't do what Hillary would like to do and that's become president. You can't take it, I can't take it, nobody can take it. [Applause]
I see what's going on. People are leaving California, they're leaving New York because they can't take it. Number one, they have the basic problems, high taxes crime. But on top of it, they can't even open. It's a very sad thing and they're killing, I don't know where they're coming from. I don't know what they are doing, but they have to open these states up and your governor has to open your state up. And this is brilliant, brilliant timing.
Look what happened, right. You really are -- you're the heart and soul of the party. And this is a great state. This is a state that is going to be with us and has always been with us, and we love -- and we love the people.
Right? We're going to win Minnesota because of her. You don't see having lunch with [Inaudible]. He said, "I don't care how well we do. I'm not having lunch with her." Right? Well, he's a warrior. He knows (laughs) what he's doing. I'm delivering a safe vaccine, and a rapid recovery. Do you see what we've done with the vaccines and the therapeutic?
So instead of changing it -- They don't change it. It was defective. We're changing it. We're gonna probably terminate it and start all over again. If you want to know the truth. It's got to be a two-way road. You know, two-way highway, back and forth. Right now, it's a one-way highway right into their pockets.
Your children, if you love your children, if you leave your beautiful place to your children, you won't have estate tax, small business. Now, if you don't love your children, don't -- you don't really care what I'm saying right now, I've only had two or three people over the years that say I take a vote, does anybody in this room dislike their children, where you're not leaving it to your children?
And you know what? That's okay. In Lebanon -- it's good. Fine. Use it. But we need it right here in our country. We have to use it for our country. Many emergency declarations have been used to protect people in faraway nations and distant lands. Now we are protecting, finally, our people. You. Our people.
Every time a prime minister, president, king, queen, dictator, whatever they may be -- some are sort of mutual. Some you have presidents and prime ministers who are actually dictators. But they come in and they see me at the Oval Office, they always say -- almost everybody -- "Congratulations on your incredible economy.
They said, "What's the problem?" I said, "I don't know, Doc, but I'm not feeling too good, and I got to get back on the trail." You know what the trail is, right? The campaign trail. I got to get back on the trail. Get me the hell out of here, Doc. Johns Hopkins was great. We have all the great hospitals represented.
She lost by more votes than any congressman in the history of our country, lost congresswoman. And the other day, the fake news, one of them standing right there said, said, "I believe she's got a great future in politics." She's got no future in politics. They said right there, "I believe she's got a great future in politics." She lost by 40 points, the most ever.
I don't have to give him a big speech. I mean I can tell you that within a very, very short period of time things will straighten out. I mean things straighten out. And it's going to be to our benefit. But think of it, if we're losing that kind of money, that imbalance. It's an imbalance. Some people would say that's not really a loss.
We are pursuing fair trade all around the world. We opened Argentina to American pork exports for the first time in 25 years. We opened India and Morocco; they both opened their markets to our poultry exports. I mean, getting India -- that's a big country; 1.5 billion people -- that sounds like a good market, right?
So if you want a losing candidate who puts America last, vote for Nikki Haley. But if you want a president who puts America first, and did it successfully for four years, I'm the only -- Did you ever read the stat that I'm the first president that didn't go into and start a war? I finished some wars, like with ISIS.
So we're stopping our pollution was, so we're stopping our pollution was. So we're stopping our plants, we're doing all of this damage plants. We're doing all of this damage plants. We're doing all of this damage. China's agreeing to do things in many China's agreeing to do things in many China's agreeing to do things in many years from now.
And, you know, one of the other things, John, because John was very much involved and Ted, one of the things it really is, it's the ultimate test if you think about it. It's the ultimate test. But it was very hard to get approved. We got it approved. It's done, right to try. I hope nobody has to use it. I hope nobody has to use it, OK? Stay away.
We're going to start winning. We're going to win with our military. We're going to knock out ISIS. We're going to take care of our vets, big league. We're going to help our vets, our greatest people. We're going to win with healthcare. We're going to get rid of Obamacare. We're going to replace it with something great.
Now we can use it, it was unusable before and now we can use it. But everything that you see was redone, all of this was redone and the whole White House is being redone. Some of you came through what called -- they called the Rose Hole, they call it different names, but you probably noticed, I don't know if you came through this door.
wouldn't have any any chance of building because they wouldn't know where to
We will ensure every parent can raise their children in peace and safety.
Look at Israel the other day, 300 missiles shot and every one but one was knocked out of the air, 300. To further secure America's future and create opportunity for young people. I will end Joe Biden's war on crypto, and we will ensure that the future of crypto and Bitcoin will be made in America. If we don't do it, China will.
That means 1% or less. And then Obama took him off the trash heap while he's one of the people. Remember he challenged me to a fight? "I'd like to take him behind the bar." I love that. That would be great. That would not last long. That would not last long. That wouldn't last long. Go like this. He's down. And he'll never get up. He will never get up. He will never get up. Now I got to leave their candidates alone.
Thank you, Greg Steube, where are you Greg? Where's Greg? What a shot that was. When they wear a hat that says MAGA that means they're with us all the way. With us -- thank you Greg. Also, uh, a terrific congressman and a friend of yours, very good friend of you and that state and the country, Pat Fallon.
Tennessee. Right? Missouri, that was a good one. They said, you couldn't get Claire out of there. We got her out of there. We got her out of there. They don't want to talk about any of that. And actually for the House people that we did work for, if you look, we went to Kentucky, great guy Andy Barr. We got him in and a lot of great races.
Right. Believe me. So important. And you know what, it'll be amazing how honest they become. Right now, they can say anything they want to say. Someday in the not too distant future, if I win they're not going to get away with this stuff that they get away with. And I think we all feel that. Don't we feel that way?
I do. I really -- they're destroying our country. They're putting dangerous people. Look at these beautiful people. You'll be interspersed with murderers, drug dealers, terrorists. Do we have any in the house right now? Are there any people -- over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted on our people.
And he said, "I can't do that." I said, here's what I'm doing. It's Friday evening. Starting Monday morning at 7:00, Mexico is going to pay a tariff of 25% on all of the cars that you stole from our country. By the way, they stole 32% of our manufacturing cars. The United Auto Workers are going to vote for me, all those people, because that deal they made with China, all-electric cars, the all-electric mandate.
I think it's very hard for a political group to say let's charge people 45 percent more. So, I think we're in good shape. But we're actually doing a reduction for business and small businesses where you're going to bring it down to 15 percent, which is really something. And by the way, speaking of you and you've done a fantastic job, but I hope you start opening your bank to conservatives because many conservatives complain that the banks are not allowing them to do business within the bank.
We just want a level playing field, sir. We'll beat anybody. We want a level -- and it's -- to this day, I tell that story all the time because I don't hear that. Most people, they don't care, you can call it anything you want. You call subsidy, you call it anything you want. I just think you people are incredible, OK.
I did it. I got tired of these fake stories from these fake reporters. Then I took the test and Ronny Jackson, Doc Ronny, right? Doc Ronny, he's Admiral Ronny, and he's now Congressman Ronny from Texas. He's a great man. And he was the doctor of Bush and Obama, younger Bush, who got us into the Middle East.
And you know who else is being hurt very badly? The unions. The unions are being hurt very badly because you have unions that have -- justifiably, over years and years, people have worked there, and they're earning good wages, sometimes, very high wages. People aren't going to be paying three, four, five times when they can have this.
But this has gone much worse in Detroit, Michigan. Much worse. We have a bunch of RINO senators up there. The exact opposite. You have one or two. We have a whole bunch of them up there. But we have a bunch of RINO senators. This is not as bad anywhere near, in my opinion, as Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
It's now pouring into the places that needed it the most. We have poor areas that haven't had 10 cents invested in them in years and years and years. And now millions of dollars are going in there. We're transforming neighborhoods. It's incredible. It's incredible. It's one of the -- it's not talked about much by the media.
We rebuilt the American manufacturing base, opened up thousands of new factories, and brought back the beautiful phrase: "Made in the USA."
They have voter ID on almost everything. You know, to get into the Democrat National Convention, we did get higher ratings than them by the way, I hate to tell you. You know, they put out a thing, but it turned out to be very wrong. They're tough players. But to get into the Democrat National Convention, you had a card, and it had ID on it, and it had your picture.
When I'm elected president, we will suspend the Syrian refugee program and we will keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. Have no choice. We have no choice. And we all have a heart and we'll build safe zones in Syria. We'll get the Gulf states to pay for them because we owe $20 trillion.
[End Video Clip] [Audience chants "Four more years"] Goodbye Pennsylvania. Thank you very much. Make sure you vote properly now [Inaudible]. I don't, what do I have to speak about, okay? He's going to destroy your economy. I mean, he said it. And then he says, you know, he lies.
What a place we're living in. What a place we're living. But that graph illustrates how good -- and then take a look to the right. That's where these lunatics took over. Kamala, that's when she took over our great border czar. Those numbers are unprecedented anywhere in the world. There's never been a third-world country that allowed -- millions and millions of people came in, look at that.
And if you saw that skit today, it was a skit. I thought it was -- well, I've seen it all. I guess I didn't really think too much about it other than how bad it is. In Venezuela, do you see the gang of Venezuelans today, they took over a building. They literally took over the building, walked in with machine guns, guns, gang members from Venezuela.
Farmers? But if you like your kids, you want to leave it. And a lot of times what was happening before I got there, because I put this in the first tax bill, as you know. But people would die, they'd leave their farm, there was no cash, but there was value to the farm, sometimes good value. It's called real estate rich and cash poor.
[Laughter] I've been there before with those people. I don't want to do it again. So, the man's name is Hayden Williams. Where's Hayden? Where is he? Where is he? Hayden, come up here. Come up here.
We don't have enough Republicans to override their negative vote, because they do stick together. And remember this: They're only sticking together because they want to make sure that I and we don't get what they know our country needs. But I think they may be forced politically to do it, because I got to tell you, anybody that votes for a Democrat now is crazy.
I want to close with a story enshrined in the Museum that captures the moment of liberation in the final days of the war.
We will also stop the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the deal she called the gold standard, Hillary Clinton said. And then during the debate she lied, and she said, I never said that." And then they actually fact-checked her and they said
She really does. She's a dangerous person who doesn't tell the truth which has been proven very loudly.
They said women don't like Trump. I said, "I think they do. I think they do." Right? They say women don't, and then we did great with women. You remember that great -- Was that one of the greatest evenings ever? Four years ago. That was one of the greatest. But one of the things they did, first of all, we did much better, now we're doing really well.
How could it be so bad? And it's actually could even be worse than that. But we are going to take care of them from the standpoint, they wait, they wait, then they get bad service, and they wait some more, six, seven, eight days, and sometimes they'll get to see the doctor and the doctor says, I can't see you now, I'm going on vacation.
But I was asked by a group of people, mostly African American. People came to my office. They said, "We've been trying for 30 years to get criminal justice reform." Obama couldn't do it. Nobody could do it. Nobody could do it. And they came to my office, and they said, "We have a problem. We're five votes short, and we need five conservative senators that are hardline."
We will ensure every parent can raise their children in peace and safety.
If you ever get rid of those tariffs, you've cost me a fortune. They're all coming in because they don't want to pay the tariffs. And they're coming in at levels. And it only works for the United States because people -- it doesn't work for other countries, but it works for us. We have a record investment.
A lot of people don't even realize it because of the way we run it. But we have great people. We have great generals, not the television generals. But I said, "Abdul, don't do it." He said, "But why do you send me a picture of my home? Why do you send me a picture of my house? Please tell me," I say, "Abdul, that you're going to have to figure out for yourself.
You know what, even Dove is so strong. I have a friend, I mean this friend didn't want to even talk about military. Now, he's become worse than me. I mean, he's become like this total incredible Hulk and that's great. So Rand Paul is weak on the military. He's weak on immigration. He's weak on everything.
And he went on to beat a Kennedy. He had a very beautiful young woman who was a Kennedy as his first opponent, and he won that one pretty easily. Jeff Van Drew. Congressman, you are great. And Jeff and a couple of the people I'm going to introduce, but they're in charge of winning the state. So, Jeff, I'm going to take that big endorsement away if you don't win this state for Trump, OK? You did a great job.
But, you know, I tell your leaders -- and some of the leaders are in this room right now -- you got to put your country first. Whether it's Saudi Arabia, whether it's something else, you're going to put your country first, but we're going to have plenty left over to help others also. As long as you invest in America, build in America, and hire in America, that means that I'm fighting for you.
And then they made this minor change a couple of months ago to try and make the numbers look better. But what they didn't tell you is they're still flying thousands of people overhead and that's not reported. And they have an app. And, you know, the app for is the cartel heads. They call an app so that we can tell them where to drop the criminals.
You couldn't see the end. We had a news conference. But it's a dangerous area. It's a dangerous area because of her. Because of him, but he put her in charge. Whether she's borders czar -- and that's what she was called. Only recently did she say she doesn't have that. But you know what? She has been the worst manager, and the border patrol never even -- they never even met her.
He was a lieutenant governor, and I want to make him governor. So, what I did, I moved her over there. He became governor. He's done a fantastic job, and I got her. You know, she was fine. Bird brain, there's a reason for that name, isn't it? And the other guy, I got him elected. He was elected because of me, and he forgot very quickly.
Hi. Look, she is waving. [Laughs] Hi. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you, hon.
It is time to hold failed leaders accountable for their results, not just their empty words over and over again. Look at what the democratic party has done to the city -- as an example and there are many others, -- of Detroit. 40 percent of Detroit's residents, 40 percent, live in poverty. Half of all Detroit residents do not work, and cannot work, and can't get a job.
And we will keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. Sorry. [Applause]
He's done it. You know, they just passed a law on voter ID. Do you know that? That not only don't they have voter ID, but it's against the law for you to ask somebody for voter ID. [Audience boos] So, if you work at one of the very few places that would even have the consequence of asking -- because there are no places -- you know, they just mail out millions of ballots, and they come mail back in.
But they were dumping steel into our country, destroying our steel mills. And I put a big tariff, and it all stopped when I did that, it all stopped. And we took in hundreds of billions of dollars, and it all stopped. And, you know, we slashed foreign steel exports. All these exports that were pouring in, they stopped to the level of about 25 percent.
Every elected Republican is indebted to the grassroots activists, volunteers, and county chairs, who fight so hard and they fight so hard in your state. I want to especially recognize Gary Nystrom, and -- do you know where's Gary? Where's Gary? Gary. Gary. Thank you, Gary. Thank you very much. Gary's from Boone County. Anybody ever heard of Boone County? Because I did. Spend a lot of time in Boone County.
We're going to do things for our people that haven't been done for a very long time. And we started four years ago. We were doing things that nobody ever believed, jobs -- we had the greatest economy in the history of our country four years ago, seven years ago, six years ago, and five years ago. Together, we will deliver low taxes, low regulations, low energy costs, low interest rates, low inflation so that everyone can afford groceries, a car, and a home, the American dream.
Now in another new report, we're learning that Hillary Clinton's State Department wasted hundreds of millions of dollars of your hard- earned tax pay spending on a wild bunch of things. Here are some of the kinds of shocking revelations about Hillary's spending habits. These are all State Department expenditures during her tenure: $5.4 million on a no-bid contract for crystal stemware; $167.5 million on cost overruns at the embassy in Afghanistan; over $200 million on mostly unused police training facilities in Iraq; $79,000 to buy copies of President Obama's books, wonderful, wonderful deal; $53 to polish marble at the Brazilian embassy, that's a great deal; $630,000 to try and make the State -- oh, this is a good one -- to try and make the State Department Facebook pages more popular. [Laughter]
You want to know the truth. Like, when they wouldn't meet him at Air Force One, he should have said, "Captain, let's get out of here." That happened in Saudi Arabia, right? That happened in Cuba, right? Probably the first time it's ever happened in the fabled history of Air Force One. So all of this will require a truly national effort.
We ended catch and release. We deported record numbers of illegal alien. Gang members like MS13. MS13, you know what they do? They use knives because they're more painful. They cut young women up. They cut them up into pieces. They're animals. We built hundreds of miles of border wall. In fact, we completely finished our original plan.
You know what? Even the Democrats -- it's just the politicians. The Democrats, you go to the Democrats, you take a Democrat, they don't want that. The people, the vote, they don't want that. They want to have voter ID. They want to have proof of your country. In other words, are you a citizen of the country? It'll be nice to have, right? But Gavin Newsom in California, they signed it.
The brick and mortar and their people. And he spoke very disparagingly about the people of New York and I've been with the people of New York for a long time. But when the World Trade Center came down I watched these incredible people rebuild from the day it came down, literally, they were there when other buildings in the surrounding area they thought were going to fall.
Don't forget our vets. They have been forgotten. Clinton's plan would trigger a constitutional crisis, unlike almost anything we have ever seen before. In effect, she would be abolishing the lawmaking powers of Congress in order to write her own laws from the Oval Office. And you see what bad judgment she has.
We've created six million new jobs since election day. If I would have said that nobody would have believed it. If I would have said that, the fake news would have said he's exaggerating. And I wouldn't have said it because I wasn't even sure we could do this. Think of it, six million jobs since Election Day.
He just wants to help the country. Same thing with Eric's. How about Ivanka? Ivanka just wanted to help people get jobs. I said, I'll put you in the United Nations and you'll be ambassador, and you will be better than anybody that's ever been there, 10 times better than Nikki Haley was. Ivanka would be the star of all stars.
Well, I want to thank you very much. You know, this was supposed to be a very small, little gathering. They said they've never seen anything like it here. They actually talk like this is a small part, and a lot of people don't show up. But, boy, they showed up today. We broke every record.
So, we'll use the word Kamala. Kamala. But Kamala is a disastrous, radical, and grossly incompetent vice president who has betrayed our country and the people she swore an oath to serve. She was our border czar. And you know what? She doesn't want to call that. So, let's not call her that. She was in charge of the border, OK? It's the worst border in the history of the world.
And as he's leaving the White House, he said, Donald, I know you're very soon going to be doing tax reform and tax cuts. Give it to the middle class. Don't give it to us. Give it to the middle class. And that's what we're trying so hard to do. And you will see how good this is. [Applause] So important. It is so important. The second plank of our tax framework is to make the tax code more simple, fair, and easy to understand.
And one of two things will happen. They'll end their tariff, which in most cases will happen or we'll take in a lot of money, and so will they. But we'll take in a lot of money. Can you imagine? They charge us 100% tariffs and 200% tariffs. And for the same product we charge them nothing. And we were all set to get that done and approved.
And I want to tell you something, and I'm sure he's listening because he watches every word. And I guarantee you one thing, he's watching us like he never watched anybody before, that I can tell you, that I can tell you. [Applause] And maybe something gets worked out and maybe it doesn't. Personally, I'm not sure that it will.
So I see him the other day and I say, how's it going? Good. How's business? Unbelievable. I said great. I thought that was good for the United States, right? I said, how many plants are you building? Many. He said, you've got to see what's happening in Mexico. Now, by the way, this guy's better than a consultant.
I'd say that's the end. He's cognitively impaired. That would be the end. The fake news would go crazy. But I thought last night, as I was speaking to this incredible group of evangelicals and a lot of others of faith, it's -- well, you like that, don't you? Yeah. Wow, that means our country is coming a long way because you put faith back, you put religion back into our country, it's going to be a much better place.
I've spent the last four years bringing our jobs back to America, securing our border, rebuilding our military, and standing up to China like never before. Nobody has ever stood up to China like we have stood up to China and you haven't seen the last of it. [Audience chants "USA"] Sleepy Joe Biden, surrendered -- you know where he is now?
Because some of you have been here since like yesterday, right? I know you've been online. But you've been here a long time, but I'll, I'll tell you. So, one of the problems with Florida, uh, for the other side, for sleepy Joe and the Democrats is that they say, "What happened?" Uh, "The Hispanic Americans are not voting." Wh -- "They're not coming out for sleepy Joe.
Our armed forces will be freed to focus on their sole mission, defeating America's enemies. Like in 2017, we will again build the strongest military the world has ever seen. We will measure our success not only by the battles we win, but also by the wars that we end and perhaps most importantly, the wars we never get into.
So we're gonna start winning. It's gonna be a beautiful thing to see. We're gonna make America great again. You're gonna be so proud of this country and you're gonna be so proud of your president and I love you. I love you all. I want to thank you. I love you all. Thank you. thank you very much. Thank you.
And think of this. The average American was paying much more than $50,000. And, you know, just think of it. Nobody can even believe the numbers. I promised to eliminate 10 old regulations for every new regulation. So, if we put in a regulation, we have to get rid of 10. That's what I did. I did it one in seven.
But here's the story. Come November 8th, you have to get out and vote because it is a movement and it's a movement like nobody's seen. They're talking about it all over the world. We're on the cover of Time Magazine every two hours. Many covers of Time Magazine because of what's happened.
They've been working on it for so many decades. What do I read? I left three months ago. "Donald Trump isn't moving fast enough." Would you believe? [Laughter]
China is building massive automobile plants. I'm sure you're going to be thrilled to hear this one. A friend of mine builds automobile plants. This guy -- I don't want to insult him. This guy can't walk across the street, but he can throw up an automobile plant better than anybody in the world. I said, "I want to see one of the plants." He said, "Well, you'll have to go to Mexico." I said, "Why?" He said, "The big ones are being built in Mexico." I said, "What about the United States?" "No, the big ones are being built in Mexico." Biden has taken so much incentive away and they're moving into Mexico.
It hadn't been won in many, many years by a Republican. It was said to be unwinnable. I was told, don't even contend for Michigan. And then I met a woman who had a lot of drive and a lot of energy, and she said, I'd love to run Michigan. I said, I heard it was unattainable. She said they love you in Michigan and they want their car industry back, because their industry was taken to Mexico and Canada and other places, and you don't like that.
I will get these monster criminals out of Wisconsin. I will get them out of our country. We're going to get them out fast. We're going to get them out fast, very fast. [Applause] They'll soon be back on the streets and jails of Caracas, Venezuela, and other places from where they came. Think of it, though.
Hunter Biden is a criminal and nothing happened to him. Nothing happened. Joe Biden is a criminal, and nothing ever seems to happen to him because, you know, say what you want, but the Democrats stick together. They don't have Mitt Romney. They don't have guys like that. They stick together. How is Mitt Romney doing?
I said why? three or four days later, all of a sudden people that studied it very closely that never studied anything, like they have blinders on, right? They can't see the forest for the trees, right? You know the expression. They can't see the forest for the trees. All of a sudden, three or four days later, people are saying he's brilliant.
We moved the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem. We're protecting -- remember they said you'll never get that. They said that about everything. You'll never get that, you'll never get elected, you'll never this. Ladies and gentlemen, the winner is Donald Trump. Well... Remember the tears? Crying, crying, oh. Crying, crying.
Comrade Kamala Harris voted for a bill to impose a 100 percent ban on gas-powered cars and trucks. Can you believe it? Killing an estimated 200,000 U.S. auto jobs including 40,000 auto jobs in Michigan. It's a death sentence for the Michigan economy and for the industry. Frankly, I don't know, you have a guy named Shawn Fain, I don't know who he is.
By the way, I don't think anything can be as bad as NAFTA, but TPP is going to be pretty close. It's going to be a disaster and a disaster for this area.
Let me think." And then when I spoke to him later he tried to say, "but I was watching for that one-eighth of a second. I was watching." But he didn't do it. He didn't do it. And I'll tell you what. Patrick Morrisey, I built up your coal business and it's going to get a lot better by the way. A lot. As much as you're doing and as good as you're doing, if you look at what's happening, if you look at other countries wanting our coal -- and I'll tell you, which buys a lot of coal from West Virginia.
Well, I want to thank everybody very much. This is great, and it's great to be with you. It's great to be with you. [Audience chants "We love you"]
Today I met with the moms of American children killed by illegal immigrants as a result of the policies Hillary Clinton supports. Hillary Clinton will never meet with these families, she will never hear these stories.
Oh great, great. How does that help us? How does it help us? They're moving to Mexico. They're going to make air conditioners in Mexico. They're going to sell them on the border. They're going to sell them. Boom, they're going to sell them to the United States. We get nothing. We lose our jobs. We close our factories.
And that's exactly what's happening. The numbers are incredible. When the news finally came out on election night last November, that the race was officially won, came out pretty early in the night, Charlie was live on camera. In that moment, he was overcome with emotion. I've never seen him like this. He was so happy.
Crime, no jobs, education is the worst, in many cases almost worldwide bad and in many cases actually worldwide bad. I say with great respect, what do you have to lose? It can't get any worse. It can't get any worse. You choose Donald Trump, I'm gonna fix the problem.
[SILENCE]
And right from the beginning he made a lot of money. He went back and he bought the course. Do you know that? He bought the course and he put his father on as superintendent and ultimately made his father the manager of the club. And he owned the club right until his last day. Winnie is buried there, his wife, who he loved so much.
We did such a good job. It was all worked. Nobody's ever seen anything like we did. And now, he wants it all to go to hell. When I left office just six weeks ago, we had created the most secure border in U.S. history. We had built almost 500 miles of great border wall that helped us with these numbers, because once it's up -- you know, they used to say wall doesn't work.
They're all doing good. They're all doing good. And let's see what happens. But if I lose one race, we have so many races that we're leading by a lot. If it's like 40 and two, or 40 and one, or 40 and three, they're going to say, Trump was humiliated. He was humiliated. I think Branson's doing well. I think Oz is doing well.
We are descended from the heroes and patriots, the pioneers, the legends who tamed the great wilderness, who settled a vast continent, who worked the fields, laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, and poured out their blood, sweat, and tears to build this country into the greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are not going to let it be taken away from us. Our ancestors summoned the courage to fight and win our independence against the most powerful empire on earth.
We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we will get critical race theory and transgender insanity out of our schools, and we will keep men out of women's sports -- if that's OK. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, your Second Amendment.
But Tester voted in favor of sanctuary cities. Tester joined... Tester joined every other Senate Democrat in supporting open-border legislation from the now-legendary Dianne Feinstein. So look, we -- we have a choice. We need the vote. You'll never get John's vote. You'll never get Tester's vote. No matter what you do, he's always going to vote the way he's told, and you need a man that's going to vote for your agenda.
I said, so what's the status? Well, we have more cornered now. We have a lot of them cornered now. We'd like the approval to take them out. I said, you know, these are human lives you're talking about now, sir. They kill our people. They kill a lot of people. They kill their own people. They're bad people, sir.
I said, what the hell do you have to see through? What are we looking at? I did everything, even the panel on top. You know, it's called an anticlimb panel. You know that? Because it makes it very hard for people. Do you ever watch these people? With 70 pounds of drugs in their back, they go up. They're unbelievable.
But basically, water-free bathrooms, water-free, no water. This is not good, but these people are crazy. But the total for the ultimate package is $93 trillion. You could get China, us, and everybody else on the planet, and you couldn't afford that in 20 years there. And you know, they really hurt our country because you can't do anything unless you get the environmental approvals.
I said she just said no tax on tips. That's the coolest thing I've ever heard. So I went outside. There were a lot of -- we finished our wonderful meal, steak, went outside, and there were a lot of cameras as there always are, unfortunately. I say, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to have a new policy all over the country, but specifically in Nevada, there will be no tax on tips, right?
You'll give it to us." And he said, "No. We won't." I said, "OK, here's the story." This was on a Friday. I said, "On Monday morning, everything that Mexico sells into the United States will have a 25% tariff placed on it, including the 32% of the car business that you stole out of the United States over the last 30 years." And this representative, who is a very good man, looked at me and said, "Sir, perhaps you misunderstood me. We would love to provide you with 28,000 soldiers." That's true.
I don't have to take their phone call. [Applause] Before we go any further, I want to send our thoughts and hearts with all of the people, and prayers, to the millions in the path of what's now known as Hurricane Matthew. It looks like it's a big one and it's going to be a bad one it looks like. Hopefully it takes that right turn, but it looks like it's going the opposite direction, not good.
This wall will be built in the areas identified by border agents is having the greatest need while safely directing people and commerce to our many lawful ports of entry, which we're beefing up in every way, structurally, with beefing up the ports of entry and mechanically. We have equipment now that can spot drugs.
It's been amazing. Do you know that last cycle, no network even wanted the debates? They were considered a wasteland. Nobody watched. They had very few people watching. And now, Fox had 24 million, which is now actually higher with the final numbers, but 24 million, the largest ever in cable television. CNN had 23 million, the biggest event in the history in terms of numbers, in terms of people watching in the history of CNN. I mean, CNN, in all fairness, they cover wars.
I did. No, I -- look, we -- we say what's true, and some people don't like hearing it, but we say what's true.
You know, we're learning from the steel industry because, as I said before, it's one of the hottest industries anywhere. I interviewed with a couple -- I had a couple of great people inside with Jim and they were thanking me for what we've done. They're in the steel business. They said we were dying ,we were getting ready to close and now our business is more vibrant than it's ever been.
I said, he'll only have to suffer with that for about three months. How are they doing by the way? Is that moving along?
We all saw how quickly DeSantis reversed himself on Ukraine. You know, it's funny, the other day they were doing a straight news show and they said in, ladies and gentlemen, we have Ron DeSantis here. And they scream, no, it's DeSantis, you know, so that's called good branding. Do you? They can't even get his name right.
He'd love to have you for dinner. That's insane asylums, they're emptying out their insane asylums. And terrorists are coming in at numbers that we've never seen before. Bad things are going to happen. Meanwhile, our crime rate is going up, while crime statistics all over the world are going down because they're taking their criminals and they're putting them into our country.
Another words, she was all talk, no action. Upstate New York, a disaster. It's a disaster, what's happened to upstate New York. And NAFTA, which her husband signed, is a very, very big reason. Compare to my record. In a recent New York Post article by Steve Kwanza, how Donald Trump helped save New York City.
I just have to see what happens. Jeremy, it's too early to say. I have to see. I have to see how it's handled, and I have to see what level of fairness. These millions of people who I'm representing. You understand, I have far more votes than anybody, including Hillary, because I had 17 people. She had Bernie, OK? Bernie.
Has anyone ever heard of the China virus? We want to be as accurate as possible. But we made great trade deals. But USMCA gave us something that was very special. And if you look right now, they're building massive auto plants in Mexico. And they think they're going to build automobiles, and they're going to send them into our country and get rid of all your jobs in Michigan and get rid of all your jobs all over the country, your auto jobs.
And I'm going to attribute it all to you. That whatever. Can you imagine? We're going to make Donald Trump the head of Deface the Nation. You know the show in the morning, Sunday? I call it Deface the Nation, right? But with that Meet the Press. I say, meet the fake press. They're going to put me in charge of that.
The second part of our healthcare agenda is to promote the affordability of America's needs. Thanks to our focus on lower drug prices, the FDA approved more low-cost generic drugs in my first two years than ever before in the history of our country. Think of that. Think of that. And every time I'd see the folks over at FDA, I'd say, "Come on, fellas.
I'm at -- think of it. That means 60% of voting for Kamala, who, in particular, is a bad Democrat. The Democrats are bad to Israel, very bad. They'll never change because they have a section of their party now which has become amazingly and quickly very powerful. Vote wise. I mean, Chuck Schumer is a Palestinian.
And many of them are African-American, by the way, and many of them are Hispanic. We're gonna protect your jobs. That includes protecting the jobs and wages of the Hispanic citizens and living right here in Florida. So many living right here in Florida and this is their number one complaint because they don't know if the next day they're gonna have a job because of people flowing in illegally into the state and into the country.
And you know, we got Mexico to give us 28,000 soldiers worth billions and billions. You know, they say, "He didn't get money from Mexico." What do you mean? I got more money even if they -- there was no legal mechanism for them to build the wall, give us the wall and build it, but they could give us soldiers.
[End video clip] OK? If I said that, nobody would believe it. So -- and that's where she is. She's a radical left person who destroyed San Francisco, and she'll destroy the country just like she did California and San Francisco. She was the leader of that pack that destroyed San Francisco. It's not only Gavin New-scum.
While the world's real polluters, like China, would get many of our companies and factories, they'd just move into China, move into other parts of the world. That's the way the system works. It's not going to happen folks. Don't worry, it's not going to happen. Not going to happen. $100 trillion. Let's spend $100 trillion.
So I'm going to simplify it. I want the money to come in so that these companies -- number one, don't go. You know what they do, a lot of them leave, you know this, in order to get the money. They actually move their company to Ireland, to other places in Europe, to other places in the world in order to get the money.
But we're keeping the oil -- remember that. I've always said that: "Keep the oil." We want to keep the oil. Forty-five million dollars a month? Keep the oil. We've secured the oil. This morning, we are delighted to be joined by a lifelong friend of our brave police -- an incredible guy, tough guy, and somebody with a tremendous heart, also.
Thank you. We will make America great again.
The fake-news progressive companies, right there -- they're right back there watching us -- and other institutions merely towing the left-wing line have sacrificed their intellectual credibility and professional integrity. They have very little integrity left. Some of them have none. You're the ones taking real risks. You're showing real guts and making a virtuous stand.
So -- and I just want to thank everybody. I mean, to come out here in these numbers, these -- man, I'll tell you, that's a lot of people. This is a lot of -- we've been having a lot of people. We have a movement going on. We have a movement going on, just remember. It's going to be something special.
But they. Did you see that commercial where I'm hitting a golf ball? Well, that was two years before that was taken at a different place. So, Don -- she's crooked. That's why we call her crooked Hillary. Thank you. Thank you. I didn't say it. Now think of it. So here I tell my people I do not want to touch a golf club.
His name is Adam Putnam, nice guy, but he was leading by numbers that were like -- not as much as I'm leading these guys by. But he was leading by big numbers. It was over. They were already measuring the carpet in the state house. They were going to be -- they were going to have the most beautiful carpet you've ever seen in the mansion, as they call it. But I said, all right, Ron, let's do it. And I did it. And this guy went up like a rocket ship.
I signed form A. Then they say, "Oh, he'll never put in his financials because he's probably not as wealthy as people thought." Right. So I have almost a hundred pages of financials. Then they said, "Oh, he'll put them in but he'll put them in way late." So I put him in ahead of schedule. I could have had many months after that.
We are a nation that has lost its way, but we are not going to allow this horror to continue. We're not going to allow it to continue. We can't let it continue. The biggest election we've ever had is coming up, 2024. I used to say that with 2016. It's the biggest election. I meant it. But we didn't -- We had a big border problem.
These are bad, some bad people. If Biden wins your borders are gone which means your healthcare is gone, the middle class is gone, and your safety is gone. It's very simple. Biden has pledged with Bernie Sanders, this, they made this agreement. You know what it is, they all agreed to a thing they call it the manifesto.
We opened it despite so many people that were on the other side calling and asking for this not to happen: Please, we don't want it to happen. I said, why? They didn't know. There was no -- they just didn't want it to happen.
But -- but honestly, no, but honestly, that was such an incredible success. And look at what's going on in Philadelphia. That was such a beautiful deal. The city of Cleveland was great and the law enforcement was unbelievable. We had no riots. We had no nothing. It was unbelievable. I'll never forget it as long as I live.
But you know what they are really resisting? They are resisting the will of the American people. That's what they are resisting. [Crowd Chants Lock Her Up]
I've never seen anything like it. And why, too, you know, a hurricane goes this way and narrow. But this thing was just like a hurricane, but it was, you know, hundreds of miles wide. But the worst section -- and I said, "Why? What do you need with Elon?" He said, "He has something called Starlink." I said, "Well..."
Two great gentlemen. Thank you very much. And thank you all. Please, sit down. [Audience Member calls out "We love you"]
We will protect Medicare and Social Security. We will continue to confirm judges who interpret our Constitution as written. We will secure our border. We will pass Kate's law. We'll stop those sanctuary cities, stop catch-and-release, end visa lottery, the worst. Pick it out of a hat. Pick it out of a hat.
No aeroplanes. We can forget Boeing, I guess, come to think of it, right? We talked about Boeing. We could forget Boeing, let's cancel those brand new Air Force Ones, right? Likewise, Representative Ilan -- Ilhan Omar. Ilhan Omar is going to be very much involved in a Biden government. They will put this hate-filled America-bashing socialist front and center in deciding the fate of your family and deciding the fate of your country.
They gave it up. They gave it up. You know why? That was -- they got killed when they said it. Like a month later, oh, she's going to -- "Oh, we're going to have a no tax on tips." So, they toyed with people with their education, right, with debt. And they said, "Oh, we're going to pay for your college education. We're going to pay."
He didn't know I interpose and they make a big deal out of it. I said, No, no, I think they both stink. They have something in common. They both stink. And remember this, when I make a statement like that about Nikki, that means she will never be running for vice president. She will never be running for vice president, remember that.
Law and justice will reign all throughout our land. Freedom will be restored. The flame of liberty will be burning bright. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, the worst administration in the history of our country, will be a fading memory of the past. [Applause] And our great silent majority, including the once forgotten men and women of our country, will be the ones shaping America's magnificent future when I am the 47th president of the United States.
And is there any place that's better to be than a Trump rally in New Hampshire, here we are. [Applause]
And by the way, the cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. I said that a long time ago. Except when I originally said it, I had no -- You know, I felt it. I felt it was bad. I just felt it was an instinct. It can't be worse than the problem itself. So the shutdown, with alcoholism, with drugs, with abuse, with suicides, with all the things that happen, it's worse.
Sleepy Joe Biden. And you know what? In prime time, he was never a smart guy. Everybody knows it. And he was never a nice guy. And if he was a nice guy, I wouldn't talk the way I talk about him. But he is definitely not the guy. He was -- In prime time, we called him 1% Joe. He always got 1% when he ran.
We're going to end the government corruption and we're going to drain the swamp in Washington, D.C. [Applause]
But this guy has never lost in his life. He is so tough and so smart. Devin Nunes. Thank you. Stand up, Devin. Everybody knows him. What they put him through -- -- what these phony people, what these dirty cops and all of the others put you through -- and, man, you survived it better than ever, and everyone respects you.
That was a great report, Inspector General Horowitz, and I appreciate it. But, you saw that on Comey. Comey should hang his head in disgrace. But, we had to go through all this stuff. Think if we didn't have any of it. We probably wouldn't have done as well. You know, it's true. We might not have done as well, and we might not have these massive crowds, because you saw what was happening.
I mean I don't know but they're making a lot of money. I heard he took millions of dollars in Texas. They'll never get to Texas, he took -- You know why? Because if they don't spend the money, the guys in the campaign can't take their commission, OK? Does anyone know that? You know how vicious that is. I'm telling you.
She goes, but your hair looked terrible. I said, what the hell? Or she'll say something even worse. Have you gained weight? You didn't look good. But this last time it was like a fluke. She said the speech was unbelievable. Congratulations. But what happened? You couldn't find the stairs going off the stage.
These people were saying the mastermind. They called him a mastermind. And I'd been talking for two weeks after that incident and didn't call him mastermind anymore. They say, the mastermind of the Paris attack, the mastermind. He's a slob. He probably has about a 70 IQ, he's a dope. And you know what? Let me -- a dope.
Now, I don't want to do that because I'm a free trader. I want free trade, but we've got to be sort of like smart here, folks, because we've lost seven million, eight million and some people say 10 million jobs. We've lost 50,000 manufacturing plants. We're getting killed and the quality of our jobs is terrible. You saw that in the last report.
It could happen soon. But we will only accept a deal if it's good for the United States and our workers and our great companies, because we've been hit very hard. We'd have deficits for many years -- go back many years -- $500 billion a year. Not million. Five hundred million dollars a year is a lot. Five hundred billion dollars a year in trade deficits with China.
He would wrap them. He would take care of them. And then he'll talk to the mother and the father as to what to be done. And if they didn't want the child, who is now outside of the womb -- long outside of the womb -- they will execute the baby after birth. [Audience Boos]
You are indeed that. You know, when I took office -- if you can believe it, almost three years ago -- we were very depleted. Our military was depleted, in terms of equipment. You see, right? They were all shaking their heads. That's right. We have all those brand-new planes and brand-new helicopters and brand-new ships being built now.
Joe Biden's party continues to attack our incredible border agents, and they are. More than half of whom happen to be Hispanic-Americans. I know a lot of 'em. Right? There are, oh. There's some guys here. [Laughs] Am I right? Right? The Republic party will always stand with the heroes of ICE and border patrol.
Everybody. And under Roe v. Wade, they could execute the baby at any time. You remember when I said with the debate, you rip the baby out of the womb with Hillary. I said, "She's willing to rip the baby out of the womb in the ninth month." And the whole place winced. Even she winced, because nobody wants to see after a certain time, any time, but after a certain time, almost 100 percent of the people agree, in the seventh month, the eighth month, the fourth month, but the ninth month and after birth, they don't want to see that happen.
But the fake news is talking about lyin' Kamala as if she's the savior of our country. [Audience boos]
And I thought the camera was very new and you couldn't change them. You know, they're very rigid. There's steel stuff and you couldn't change them. You couldn't turn the. And then we had a little protest in the back corner which was impossible for a camera to see. And those cameras, they looked like pretzels the way they turned.
We beat, in the four-year first administration which was a tremendous success. We cut more regulations than any president in history, including two term presidents, including Roosevelt, who was more than a two term president. We cut more regulations than any president in history in one term. And now our second term.
So we have fought to secure our border, but Democrats in Congress -- Nancy Pelosi, Schumer -- they've opposed us at every stop and every step. They've opposed every effort to close the loopholes to keep the violent criminals like MS-13 the hell out of our country and to stop the flow of illegal immigrants and drugs which are pouring into our country.
Other candidates didn't do it that I was beating by 40 points, can you believe it? But I did it. Maybe that's why I was winning by 40 points. But other candidates wouldn't do it, but I always took the pictures with the police.
Then we added much more wall in areas where we felt we needed it and almost got that finished, too. And then three weeks -- all they needed was three weeks to complete everything, much more than we ever anticipated building, and they didn't want to do it. And I said something is strange here because I never believed they wanted open borders.
I could be leading and then, they'll just keep getting ballots and ballots and ballots and ballots. Because now, they're saying that the ballots can come in late. Well, what does that mean? And more importantly, they're going to be given, in some cases, a week or two weeks to count the ballots? [Audience Boos] So, if we're waiting for one state, no, think of it.
Human trafficking, you know, you think of it as an ancient crime, it's not. It's very -- the internet's made it bigger than it's ever been, but we stopped, we put that to a level that hasn't been seen in decades. And drugs were down. Now they're 11 times more than coming in, just three -- 11 times more. They're pouring in. Fentanyl.
Look, here's the story. We really have turned it around. We're respected again as a country. Every time a person comes in to the Oval Office, a president, a king, a queen, a prime minister, they say, Mr. President, congratulations on what you've done with this country. It's true. We've never seen anything like it. All the time, I mean, I mean all -- almost all -- I have to be a little bit -- otherwise, I'll get -- almost all the time, they say congratulations.
Thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you. I think we're looking very good. I think we're looking good all over: in Ohio, in North Carolina, in South Carolina, Florida. We just got numbers in Florida. We're looking fantastically good. Now, you know, sometimes -- and they do. They do. They say, "Donald Trump -- " Can you imagine if I got a fair press?
They have a lot of people. They have a lot of people. You know, it is true. I'll say who the greatest hero was, forget about Trump. I'm not, he was -- we did a lot of good work together, the dog was the great hero. Conan, Conan, he's coming to the White House very soon. I said bring him now. They said, sir, he's on a mission.
It's a beautiful tradition for very -- you know, for many years. And they want to change everything. They want to change the name of George Washington, take them off the schools. Let's not use his name, George Washington. When they start taking George Washington's name down, you know, we got problems, right?
To secure our border, I took the corrupt media, we had to take it on and they are corrupt. The powerful special interests and the open borders, lunatics because they'll destroy our country. In just three years, we removed over half a million criminal aliens, including those charged or convicted of more than 145,000 assaults, 40,000 sex crimes, and 6,000 murders, 6,000 murders.
We have to be vigilant. We can not let them come into our country. We have enough problems, folks. You saw what the two people did. They got married. She radicalized him. It sounds like. And they blew away, they killed 14 of their friends that had showers, baby showers for their baby and they killed him.
They had statistics, and I'm saying, "You know, Ben, this is really bad." And we took care of it. Now -- now you have from the worst to the best numbers you've had. For decades, the Democrats have taken African-American voters totally for granted. They have. They didn't do anything for you. Democrats have run America's inner cities at every level of government for 50, 60, and 70 years and really a hundred years.
We're not going to allow it and we get involved with many of these cases and nobody sees this coming, but we get involved. Very soon, I'll be taking action to safeguard students and teachers First Amendment rights to pray in our schools. We're doing a big action, Attorney General Bill Barr. Now, they want to take that right.
But but I was very disappointed because he joked I mean he I don't know something happened to him that last month month and a half. I don't want his endorsement. Believe me I will get it. But but he choked that last month and a half he was a disaster. I said to Mitt why aren't you on television. Obama say what you want about Obama.
... with their product, you know what they're gonna say? They're gonna say let's say, we're not gonna move, and they're gonna stay. It's very simple. But the politicians don't want to do that because they're controlled -- they're controlled by the people that give them their campaign contributions and probably other things. We will -- does anybody know what I mean by that?
It's true. They want to make a deal. And President Xi is a great person, and, hopefully, we'll do something soon or someday. But, you know, $500 billion has been taken out of this country for years every year, $500 billion. On trade, we lost $807 billion. Think of it. Eight hundred -- who made these deals?
And Kamala has vowed that, if elected, she will absolutely ban fracking. She said, "I'll ban fracking," just recently. "I'll ban fracking. There will be no fracking." That means that she can't win the state of Pennsylvania because Pennsylvania is all about fracking. That's their biggest industry. And you know what, Pennsylvania, I hope you're watching because that's what she says and that's what she'll do and that's what she'll go back to. She wants to ban fracking, and she's wanted it for her entire career.
Got a great experience in Cleveland. That's all I know. And by the way, your police department did a phenomenal job. [Applause]
Biden's agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida seniors. Do we have any seniors in the room? No, I'm not a senior, OK. I'm not a senior, yes, I am. Especially for everyone from -- oh, I love the place. The villages, I love the villages, they fight for us. I read stories every day, they're out there and they're driving those beautiful golf carts and nicest golf carts ever made.
They wouldn't have all these people. If they wanted to run against Trump, they'd say, please, come on, step up to the plate. And by the way, virtually every poll we're kicking Biden's ass, and that's the problem. That's the problem. And if I wasn't, if I wasn't, we wouldn't be under investigation by deranged Jack Smith.
Standing ovations all over the place, but standing ovations all over the place, but standing ovations all over the place. But I said bad guys, Saddam was saying bad. I said bad guys, Saddam was saying bad. I said bad guys, Saddam was saying bad guy. Then I said again Saddam Hussein is guy then I said again Saddam Hussein is guy then I said again Saddam Hussein is a bad guy, but he did one thing.
You're going to grow a lot of corn and a lot of everything else. You got to get the Democrats to approve it. You got to get the Democrats -- all they have to do is put it up for a vote. Because many Democrats -- probably most Democrats -- if not told to do the other alternative, they will all vote for it. So get the Democrats out.
You're sending all these people in the caravans. And he said, "I can't do that." I said, you're going to do that. You have to do that anyway. I said I'm putting 100% tariff on everything that you send into the country from now on. They said, "We would be pleased to give you 28,000 soldiers," and they did.
They were going to rip down the monument to Abraham Lincoln. They were ripping down other monuments. They didn't care who it was. They just wanted to destroy our country. And I took this old bill from the -- from 1889. Today, you wouldn't have the guts to sign anything like that, although, they should. They should make it even tougher.
This was a very complicated situation on the districts. And he was a Trump plus 12. Then he went -- and he said, that's good. Then he went to Trump, they changed it. They had some court motions and hearings and decisions. And then he went to a Trump plus eight. Then he went to a Trump plus two. Then he went to a Democrat district.
And I want to see the day when Apple makes its product on our land not over in China because I'm bringing our jobs back from China, folks. We're going to bring them back. We're going to bring our jobs back from Mexico, folks. We're going to have Ford built here. We're not going to have Ford build in Mexico.
You know, based on the Green New Deal, you remember they started at 12 years. You only have about seven years left. I don't think anybody is too worried, right? You could worry about nuclear warming, but you can't worry about the global warming. They said the other day -- I heard somebody that the oceans are going to rise one-eighth of an inch over the next 300 years.
And I think he said that the capacity would be literally -- would be literally -- this would be bigger than what they have in Michigan to say this is a monster. And it'll put all our autoworkers out of business, everyone out of business. And I didn't like that when I heard that. And I was up in Detroit at the Detroit Economic Club.
Nobody could do it including Ronald Reagan in Alaska. It's the largest site, potentially the largest site in the world, larger than Saudi Arabia. And I got it done Ronald Reagan couldn't get it. Nobody could get it done. They tried, but they couldn't get it done. I got it done and the first thing they did was end ANRWA in Alaska.
We built 157 miles, and some people say 571 miles. We added 157. We're ready to get it up. It was going to go up to 200, and they didn't want to put it up. But we built 571 miles of wall. We were going to add over 200. They ended up selling. It was all made. All we had to do was flip it up. It was going to go up very quickly, then we had a horrible thing happen during the election.
We're gonna win with economy. We're gonna win with our military. We're gonna win for our vets. We're gonna win with education. We're gonna win with health care. We're gonna win so much you're gonna say, please, please -- I love doing this. I do love it. You're gonna say, Mr. President, please. We can't stand it. We're winning too much.
I think it's very unfair that they audit me every year, but I've been audited every year for many years. Now when the audit's finished, I'll release my tax returns. I have nothing, but I don't want to do it. And nobody in this room would say, you're being audited, and here's the tax return. You get audited.
We're going to stop the cheating. The one you know you win is when you swamp them, not drain the swamp, build up the swamp in this case. Tomorrow we're going to win New Hampshire and then we're going to defeat crooked Joe Biden and we are going to make America great again. Thank you. Thank you very much.
We have a man with an unlimited future, Wesley Hunt, your congressman. Wesley, thank you. Wesley Hunt, he's got a big future, a congressman who's had a great life and done a great job. And he's going to do a lot of other great things, I have no doubt, because he's got energy like no other, and he's a man who loves our country.
I go to Dover and I greet these incredible families of soldiers that have been so sadly killed, so sadly killed. It's such a shame. I go to the hospital, I go to Walter Reed Medical Center. It's incredible. The doctors are so talented. I see what they can do, but soldiers so badly hurt, and they're really acting as police, they're acting as police.
Now here's the difference. No problem with Cuba, by the way, no problem. And it's time to make a deal. I'd like to see a better deal but it's fine. But you land in Cuba and nobody's there. Now in the history of Air Force One, which is pretty long, right, for the first time anybody that plane has ever landed when nobody was there.
So anyway, so -- so let me just -- let me just -- let me just tell you a couple of things. We are going to do something that's going to be great. We are. A very big beneficiary is going to be Michigan because I talk about the car business all the time. Because the car business is being abused more than most other businesses, right?
We'll see what happens. I mean, I watched Hillary today. It was pathetic. It was pathetic. It was so sad to watch. And you know, she's up there and supposed to be a foreign policy speech, it was a political space. Had nothing to do with foreign policy. She made a political speech tonight, folks, and it was a pretty pathetic deal.
The only reason to vote Democrat is if you are tired of winning. Every day we are living by our motto, promises made, promises kept. Right? It's even better than that. Earlier this month, I announced that we are replacing the horrible NAFTA deal with the incredible brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement.
That means we're going to negotiate trade deals to protect our farmers, help them export their goods, and make money doing it. Because the way it is now, it's impossible, and grow family farming in America. We're going to grow the farms. [Applause]
There's a needle up there and you send another needle up and it hits it every time. During the war, we went 14 for 14. We had 14 -- this is with Iran. We had 14 missiles coming at us. All 14 were knocked out of the sky, every one of them. We make the best equipment. From Sparta to Rome to the British Empire to the United States of America, history has shown that military supremacy has never been simply a matter of money or manpower.
How about the people they're arresting because they were praying in public? These people are sick. [Audience boos] People like Steve Bannon and Peter Navarro, good people, were locked up for following the advice of their lawyers. And as everyone knows, the Harris-Biden DOJ is trying to throw me in jail.
They have economically stripped this country of its dignity, of its pride, and these are the problems that you're going right now in this incredible looking group of students. These are the problems that you're now entering their -- the so-called real world because this hasn't been the real world this has been the sheltered world, this has been a beautiful world.
A lot of people said, well, what do way a lot of people said, well, what do way a lot of people said, well, what do you know I've been dealing with, you know, I've been dealing with, you know, I've been dealing with politicians all my life. So I think I politicians all my life, so I think I politicians all my life.
So I go back and I'm a Republican and I'm doing nicely. You know, I haven't done anything, in all fairness, I haven't even announced whether or not I'm running. And I think even the Republicans don't like it because I'm not in the club. I'm not in that club. You can't be in that club. And that club is not what's going to make us, in my opinion, a great country again.
We need Congress to pass the USMCA immediately. We'll make it a bipartisan deal. We don't even want credit. The union's benefit, the non-union's benefit, everybody benefits. It brings it back to fairness, and it makes it very hard for our companies to leave our countries go to Mexico or Canada. We lose all our jobs.
We are going to bring our companies back home where they should be, and I've been doing a lot of it, but we are going to do it at a level that nobody ever thought possible. We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring wages, and record prosperity. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surged federal prosecutors into high crime communities, and banned all sanctuary cities.
We've got to stop illegal immigration. You know, illegal immigrants -- and we will build a wall, don't worry about it, we're going to build a wall. Going to have to, going to have to. [Applause]  We're going to build a wall and Mexico's going to pay for the wall.
The history book is closing on the failed politicians of yesterday. A new chapter is beginning, and this chapter will be authored by you, the American people.
I just said that. Abraham -- Honest Abe, I wonder if he was really that honest. But you know what, let's assume Honest Abe was Honest Abe. But he was a Republican. Your leadership helps our entire country see that the Republican Party is growing, and it's true, it's becoming a vibrant party because of you, because of you -- and youth all over, but because of you.
Money. I want money. A while ago, I want money. I said, what is the guy -- he's asking for money. Who is this guy? So he's up asking me for money, right? So I think, I might have given him a check for his charitable contributions, something, this is a long time ago before I was thinking about doing this, and I gave him money.
These are people that were in jail. And I've been talking about this for three years when I heard they were opening up the border, three and a half years. I said, "If they open the border --" because I know the people on the other side. And they're smart, savvy people, you know, they're at the top of their game.
We've made a lot of progress, and we'll continue to make progress. And I really think what we're doing there is very important. But we actually had to walk, but I think we had a very good meeting. In fact, when I came home, they put out a statement that, actually, they were willing to do much less on the sanction front.
You can bank on it. So the polls came out last night. Fox came out with a big poll and we did great. But we've been doing good from some -- from the beginning. My wife said, you know if you run you're going to win. Nice to have a wife that feels that, right? You know, a lot of wives would say, you know, if you run you don't have a chance.
It's a -- it's really. But the workers, the people underneath, the real people, they're with us all the way. I've hired thousands and thousands of [Inaudible], all the concrete work of buildings in Manhattan. But they just -- it's just like wedded. It's almost like a habit. I consider it a habit. And I think it's disgraceful.
All citizens deserve to be protected. No American left behind.
And these fools, Kamala, who's a Marxist, these fools are letting them come into our country, destroy our country. And I said, "You know -- " Did you ever see that? I don't want to brag, but they do have a big-selling hat. You know what it says? "Trump was right about everything." Right? Front Row Joes, Front Row Joes.
I said, "I'm going to Iowa. I have to find those two guys. OK?" So, please look for them. Madam Attorney General, you can do it better than anybody if you put the full force -- if you do what they do to me, they have the full force of the Justice Department against the political opponent of a guy who can't speak well.
Can you imagine, President of the United States calling for the head of an air conditioning company, all right. But the head of an air conditioning company that didn't do right by us, OK? And while I could give it to somebody, it's just too quick, too easy and I love this stuff. It's like I'm very natural at it. I'm really, really good at it. So here's the conversation and remember, if either -- anyone of these people Ted Cruz, Kasich.
I guess she'll say those 650, remember the 33? Well the 650,000 also, the wedding, and some yoga, right? [Booing]
Leggett and Platt, your neighbors, laid off 326 workers in Thornton and moved their jobs to China. Optima batteries laid off 276 workers in Aurora and moved their jobs to China. CareFusion resources laid off 159 workers. This is so recent. Englewood and moved their jobs to Mexico. We're like a one lane highway out of the country.
Now, when I saw the numbers, I said, No No, no. 2,300 armor-plated Humvees. Better than what we have. They were the best.
That's cheating, and crooked Hillary instead of saying I'm sorry, I can't accept them, we have to report this incident, she took the questions, went in, and had good answers for Bernie. At some point doesn't Bernie Sanders get tired of it? They're calling him all these names, they're cheating on him. Doesn't he tell his supporters to go vote for Trump at some point, right? [Applause]
But you know what's the most important? 250 years is the most important above World Cup, above Olympics. But we got 'em all coming. And in June 14th, next year, we're gonna have a big UFC fight at the White House, right at the White House. On the grounds of the White House. When the Continental Congress formed a fleet of just two ships in October 1775, many scoffed at their chances against the most powerful empire on earth, that was the most powerful ever, relatively speaking.
To everyone watching across our nation right now, to everyone who has been let down by our terrible, terrible politicians, I am asking for your vote on November 8th. [Applause]
His name is Jon Tester. [Audience boos] And I don't speak badly about somebody's physical disability, but he's got the biggest stomach I have ever seen. I swear. I swear. that's the biggest stomach -- I have never seen a stomach like that because he doesn't look that heavy. You're not allowed to use the word fat.
Thank you, and God Bless!
That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. The unemployment rate among African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans has reached record lows -- all record lows. Every one, lowest ever. Young people have seen their wages increased by 16 percent. A record. And their wages are rising three times faster than those wages.
You know why? No administration, no president has done anything near what we've done in the first three and a half years. [Inaudible]. We're helping our country, we're rebuilding our military. It's rebuilt. Two and half trillion dollars. We've cut your taxes, the largest tax cut in history. His is going to be the -- Explain this to me.
We have a super V going up, if you look at housing, if you look at cars, if you look at car production, nobody can believe the numbers. And you're gonna have a number re -- release very soon. And the number is going to be -- think of it, think of this. You're gonna have a GDP -- now the Fed, Atlanta I believe, the Atlanta Fed projected GDP of 35% on the third quarter.
So we're taking in billions and billions, but I got $100 billion and the secretary general of NATO, Stoltenberg, is my biggest fan. He said, "Until President Trump, you had to see the data cost of spending was going like this, and ours was going like this." We were defending many countries that treat us very badly on trade and very unfairly.
I think. And he said, well, I don't know. But just in case. So they have their upfronts. That's a big deal. You know, usually, at the biggest place in Manhattan. It's a big deal and they announce their fall schedule. So they announced that the Apprentice is gonna be extended with Donald Trump. So I've done 14 seasons.
One day in a church, it was a Sunday morning and he was doing well, really well, and in a church, he came over to him and he said, "You know you're going to win, don't you?" I said, "What's this all about?" Because he's a tough competitor. I said, "What is this all about?" He said, "God has picked you to win."
We'll have great healthcare at much less expense, much lower price. You'll be paying a fraction of what you're paying and you're going to get really good stuff. I can tell you. Premiums are surging on Obamacare. Companies are leaving. Insurers are fleeing. Doctors are quitting and deductibles are through the roof.
Burning the hell out of the place until we sent in the National Guard. That ended in 31 minutes. It was amazing when they started getting whacked with tear -- They were, I hope they weren't aiming. Did you see Ali Velshi, he went down. Ali, I don't even know who the hell his is. I just know he, he does a very nice job of shaving his head. "This is Ali Velshi, and this is a friendly protest," and behind him, the entire city is burning.
You know, people are so excited by that. You know, it's not just sending rockets to the moon and rockets to mars. This is also a military imperative. In fact, in Russia, they said, we consider that very threatening, and others did, too.
And I tell you, I spoke with Tim Cook; I said, Tim, I will never consider this whole great run that we've made complete until you start building plants in the U.S. And I will tell you, this moved up very substantially. But when I heard 350, I thought he was talking -- I thought they were talking $350 million. And, by the way, that's a nice-sized plant.
Right? Thank you. Yes, Henry.
You don't make comebacks from where they take us. If I do that sound like a typical Washington politician is because, frankly, I'm not a politician. I'm embarrassed by the [Inaudible]. And if I don't always play by the rules of Washington establishment is because I was elected to fight for you and I fight harder than anybody has ever fought for you.
Except when he got to Washington, he voted with Pelosi 100 percent of the time. [Audience Boos] Crazy Nancy. He voted with Crazy Nancy, and so we thought this Conor Lamb guy he even voted to impeach yourPresident over nothing. Zero, zero. [Audience Boos] And that's very personal. When they do that, that's personal, so and I have to say congressman 196 nothing they stuck with us and so did the senator other than Romney.
The billions. But I've come through every single time for this state, right? Every single time, right Jimmy? And candidate for Alabama's first congressional seat, Jerry Carl! Where is Jerry? You look good, Jerry! Good, how's it going, good? Alright, well, you have my total endorsement. You know that, so go get them.
The members of this class have come from every state in our union. You have come from the farms and the cities, from states big and small, and from every race, religion, color, and creed. But when you entered these grounds, you became part of one team, one family, proudly serving one great American nation. You became brothers and sisters pledging allegiance to the same timeless principles, joined together in a common mission to protect our country, to defend our people, and to carry on the traditions of freedom, equality, and liberty that so many gave their lives to secure. You exemplify the power of shared national purpose to transcend all differences and achieve true unity. Today, you graduate as one class, and you embody one noble creed: Duty, Honor, Country.
I would say two years or did you ever see a negotiation, by the way, takes so long? They were not sending rockets to the moon. Did you ever see a negotiation that lasted this long and our chief negotiator decides he wants to be a professional bicycle rider? He goes into a race. No, no, he has the clothing he's got the stickers, he's, got the whole deal and he's going around to turn and he crashes and he breaks his leg, and this is our negotiator. This is our negation so he's out for three weeks, and then he walks in with crutches and the Persians who are great negotiators, by the way, the Iranians, the Persians are known as great, great negotiators.
Now she hurried home from work that night. As soon as she arrived, she found that pretty snake she'd taken in had been revived. Take me in oh tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in oh tender woman, sighed the broken snake. Now she clutched him to her bosom. You're so beautiful, she cried.
He had 100 % of the delegates. He had 14 million votes. I said, "You can't really do it." But then they threatened him very strongly. They said, "You're incompetent, and we're going to get you out." He just won, you know. No, they happened to be right. He was incompetent, but these are minor details. No, he just won.
Oh, I love the state of Ohio. What great memories. [Applause] And we're starting to boom, you know that. It's great to be back in Ohio, and be here with the hardworking men and women of Sheffer Corporation. Congratulations. [Applause] We have a lot of great people with us today. We have our Secretary of the Treasury, Steven Mnuchin. [Applause]
Yet Hillary Clinton, for months, and despite so many attacks, repeatedly refused to even say the words radical Islam until I challenged her yesterday. And, guess what, she will probably say them. She sort of has said them, but let's see what happens. She really has no choice, but she doesn't want to.
I'm sorry. A great guy and a friend of mine, a tremendous supporter, David Rouzer. David, thank you very much. Thank you, David. Thank you, David. Dan Bishop right from the beginning, been so good. Thank you. Thank you, Dan. Great job. We had a big victory that night didn't we, Dan. They said I don't know if he's going to win.
So we put a 50% tariff on all washing machines coming into our country. And I visited -- I visited with Jim Jordan. Do you know Jim Jordan? One of the -- Wow. No, he's a great wrestler. He was a great -- one of the best. He was a great, great wrestler, really a phenomenal wrestler, a real champion, NCA champion, and old Jim.
But it was a lie, and they thought they'd be able to get away with it until after the election, and then announce after the election that they made a mistake. These are bad people. Fortunately, there was a whistleblower, who I think should be entitled to an award. Could you imagine if it were me and we lost the election and then a few days later they say that the job numbers are being revised by almost a million people? And now, they've just revised it again.
But hopefully, we're not going to need it. But she's a disaster. Mike Rogers is one of the most respected people in Washington, and he will be, I believe, your next senator. Great, Mike. He's one -- he is actually one of the most respected people in Washington. And he came out of a large group of Republicans that all wanted the same job, and he really did -- he ran a great -- ran a great race.
I said to him, but what about the water main? Oh, I didn't hear about that. Well, I heard about it. There was no water main break. They said there was. And the people all ran. Except a group of people came back. Boom, boom boom. That's one is easy. All I have to do is look at the tape. It's incredible what tapes can show.
Decades, decades. You have been defending all of some -- I won't mention names because I don't want to embarrass anybody.  [Crowd cheering] Forget it. Some of the wealthiest countries in the world and when I say king, president, prime minister, queen, no matter what I say -- You know they say? But nobody's ever asked us to do that before.
I told you that. Remember, four years ago, I said, "I'm not going to let it happen." And I stopped it three times. I stopped it so much. It's almost became a full-time job. They do want to take it away from you. That I can say. But the Iowa caucuses are cherished, and it's a national tradition, and we are committed to keeping Iowa first for many, many years to come.
Around the world, I'm moving quickly to end wars, settle conflicts, and restore the planet to peace. I want peace, and I don't want to see these -- everybody being killed. And you take a look at the death in the Middle East and the death that's taking place between Russia and Ukraine that's been going on, and we're going to end it. There's no profit for anyone in having World War III, and you're not so far away from it. I'll tell you right now, you're not so far away.
I'm going to tell you -- thank you. I'm going to tell you a couple of stories about trade, because I'm totally against the trade bill for a number of reasons.
Ask the families of women raped and murdered by illegal aliens and the teenagers cut to shreds by gangs from El Salvador and Venezuela if Kamala Harris cares about you. Harris has opposed school choice for poor inner-city kids. She's opposed police in schools to protect your children, and she's defended stocking school library shelves with filthy graphic books.
They want to destroy our country. As I said to you almost three years ago, standing at Mount Rushmore. Remember that? How beautiful it was. They want to wipe out Mount Rushmore, too. They're going to have a hard time doing it. They don't like Mount Rushmore, but I love Mount Rushmore. This left wing cultural revolution is designed to overthrow the American Revolution.
You've heard this story. The grandfather flew them, the son flew them, the current wonderful person flew them, the whole family flew them. Those are all gone now, folks.  Those are all gone. In October of last year, U.S. Special Operations Forces executed a daring nighttime raid that killed the blood-thirsty founder and leader of ISIS.
That would mean that she's got 850,000 ballots for her, that's not supposed to be happening. That's not an election. You know election should be a one day deal. You walk in and you vote, and if you can't do it, if for some reason you're not feeling well or there's a problem, but what they did is they used COVID in order to, uh, de-fraud the people of this country, and the whole world is watching, and the whole world is laughing at our electoral process.
This is the time to re-ignite the American Imagination. This is the time to search for the tallest summit, and set our sights on the brightest star. This is the time to rekindle the bonds of love and loyalty and memory that link us together as citizens, as neighbors, as patriots. This is our future -- our fate -- and our choice to make.
You have a very important state politically, it's a very important state. What happens here, oftentimes, determines what happens for our country, in terms of the most important most powerful position in the world. You will be the ones to make American history, and you will be, once again, the ones to in a sense truly lead our country to victory.
Pennsylvania is the Commonwealth where our Founding Fathers declared American energy independence. Think of that. You were the first ones many, many, many years ago. Who would think where we are. We had it done a year and a half ago. And today, we're begging for energy. We're begging enemies for energy. It's where the army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge, where General George Washington led his men in a daring mission across the Delaware, and where our union was saved by the immortal heroes at Gettysburg.
This nation belongs to you. It belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage, and our American liberty is your God-given right. This is your God-given right. From Marquette to Midland, from Frankfort to Flint, and from Detroit to Saginaw, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded Michigan Patriots who laid out the railroads, worked the factories, till the fields, forged the seals, fought the battles, and won the victories that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation anywhere in the world.
My biggest opponent was the microphone. And now our country is in need of a major comeback. It needs one now, just about more than ever. We owe $20 trillion in debt, doubled during Obama's period as president. [Booing]
And you know what? If you gave them a couple of million dollars apiece, can I tell you what? Its peanuts compared to what you're talking about. It's peanuts. It's nothing. Nothing can ever replace their sons and daughters. But at least it can help a little bit. And you're talking about literally peanuts.
What they don't tell you is the bad guys aren't giving up their guns. And you're not going to be giving up your guns either. At the same time, House Democrats recently voted against notifying ICE -- these brave, great, talented, brilliant patriots -- when an illegal alien attempts to buy a gun, which is a felony.
It's amazing. We love you, man. We love you. We love you. [Audience member calls out "We love you."]
Hey, they didn't put out eight wars, nine coming, all right. We put out eight wars and the ninth is coming, believe it or not. So I just want to say, it's great to be with you. And when we're finished, later on, we're going to have a little quick lunch. And they do great food at the White House. And this is used sometimes for evening where we have -- we've had some incredible people for the evening and some of the big foreign leaders have been coming.
Was set. Right? Right? We're going to build it, Calcasieu. Finally, I would like to welcome the winners of the 2019 Little League World Series championship. So I have it. They're Louisiana's own River Ridge, Little League baseball team, but I have to tell you the crazy story. So I mean, look at his handsome kids, it drives me crazy, how good looking they are.
China is the best of all. China is killing us, folks. China has -- I -- I say it. It's the single greatest robbery what China has done to the United States. I love you too, darling. It's the single greatest robbery what they've done to the United States. In the history of the world, there's never been a robbery like this.
Boot, edge, edge, Alfred E. Newman, you got to be older to know what that means. But Congressional Democrats are directly attacking 2.3 million Michigan voters who rose up in 2016, won the state, and now, the Democrats are very upset. They want to get Michigan back. They just don't know how to do it because they didn't do a thing for Michigan.
We have to clean it. We have to take care of it. We have to give it a little love. And we have to get the criminals the hell out there. We will once again support our incredible police officers, New York's finest, a lot of them. You know, I've got the support. To me, this is so important. I think to you, it's -- every single police group in the nation is supporting me.
My Dan. Great. Thank you very much. We're doing good. But this is where the people are known for being tough, and strong, and hardworking, loyal, fiercely patriotic -- just like America's incredible farmers. My administration is fighting for the American farmer, and has been fighting for the farmer and the rancher every single day.
And I can tell you that Jeff Sessions, who's here with us now, feels so strongly about this. And they're working very hard and very effectively on that, and so we appreciate that very much. Thank you. Thank you, Jeff. [Applause] Thank you.
The Democrats want to invite caravan after caravan of illegal aliens to flood into your communities... depleting our resources and overwhelming our nation. We don't want that. And did you see where Homeland Security -- you know, they were saying, "How do you know? How do you know?" There's some bad people, as I said the other -- bad hombres.
They want to be proud. [Applause] So we want NATO to be strong, which means we want more countries to follow the example of Poland. If every country in NATO made the same contributions as Poland, all of our allies would be more secure. And people would feel better, even better, about NATO.
For about $12 billion, we could fund armed security guards at the entrance to every school in America and also arm every willing teacher. We want to arm some of these teachers they have to go through rigorous or, as some people say, vigorous, I like vigorous better, I don't like rigorous, they have to go through vigorous training, but they were already there, and they'll do better than anybody you could put in. And they love our children.
But because it was me, the press said, "No, it's not for a lifetime. It's only for four months. The immunity is only now for four months." They brought it down, right? It was always gonna be for a lifetime, now it's four months. So, what are you gonna do? What are you gonna do? It's one of those things, but I guarantee you this: On November 4th, you won't be hearing as much about this.
I did. I started that process. It was so great with the -- the vans and the small trucks, etc. I told you about. But we really don't charge. I mean, China will charge us a 200 percent tariff. Brazil is a big charger. The biggest charger of all is India. India is a very big charger. We have a great relationship with India.
And they're currently on the loose in the United States. Right here, in Georgia, our nation was robbed of a brilliant 22-year-old nursing student, the best student, the best everything, most respected person, beautiful person, Laken Riley. Got to know her family very well. They didn't get to know -- they never called her family, they never called.
Who knows. We have to rebuild our infrastructure. I go throughout the world. I'm all over the world. And I see China and I see Abu Dhabi. I see places that you wouldn't believe. You go to Qatar. You go to Saudi Arabia you see bridges and tunnels and airports and just roadways that are so magnificent, they're paved in gold.
Some of them became friends of mine. And in the third year, I said, "You're here again. Why are you here?" I never asked them the first two times, "Because they make us come back every year for money" because they have funding. I said, "Why don't they give you a long-term deal?" He said, "They would never do it."
You did have one good thing from this administration. You set a record, if you like records, but not like this. Your state has the highest electricity costs in the entire nation. Tell your governor he ought to work on that a little bit. [Audience boos]
They have the worst record of any president ever in history. There's never been anything like what's happening to our country. They're destroying our country. In four short years, we accomplished more than any other president in the history of our country. Nobody's done the things we did. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world.
I had no wars other than we finished off ISIS. We didn't send your son or your daughter to war. We're pleased to be joined by some terrific people, a man who I just think is amazing, North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum. Where is Doug? I hope he -- because you know what? Oh, there he is. I said I hope he's left because, you know, I think I'm keeping the poor guy, and his wife is so incredible.
And there is one more very important promise we're keeping: No longer are we making apologies for America. We don't apologize anymore. [Applause] We're proud of our history, we're confident in our values, and we're grateful to our heroes, and we are determined to create a brighter future for all of our people.
He will. He has to he's no choice. He's a two or three, he's got to hit me. At some point, Rubio's got to hit me. Hey, there's only one way you get to the top, and it's all through Trump. Let's face it. They have to. Even, I think, Cruz is going to have to hit me because, you know, he's a nice guy. He's been so support -- everything I said, he supported.
No, I think your best years are right now. You look very good. Your best years are right now. Keep it going. But Colonel York, we salute you, we salute your family and the fame and the bravery of your family. Thank you very much, appreciate you being here. And in World War II, the Army once again came to the free world's rescue among the millions and millions who volunteered was Henry Armstrong.
And I'll tell you what. You know, far fewer people are coming through, as much as I complain, coming through our southern border. And now it's getting worse because we have so much opportunity here. We have done so well.
And what he did, what he did -- and I just want to get off normal. Can you imagine, "Sir, they're exonerating you, they consider you to be incompetent. And therefore because you're incompetent, they're going to exonerate you"? I said, "I don't want that. [Laughs] Let me let me be guilty before they do that." But think of it. They say he's incompetent and therefore he can't stand trial, but he can run for president, and this is what you're voting for. [Audience boos].
Mike, right? We will never touch it. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peach through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which goes into effet on January 1st, bigger than health care, lower drug prices even more. We have signed and done something that's never been done on prescription drug prices, favored nations, it will bring drug prices down 50, 60, 70% like you've never seen before.
It's nice to win, and we've won a lot, haven't we Mr. Prime Minister? We've won a lot. We're going to keep it going, by the way. You've given your love and loyalty to your nations, and tonight a room of grateful patriots says thank you. We are especially honored by the presence tonight of seven World War II veterans, and we've been talking about them all night, but I should mention their names once again, perhaps for the final time tonight, or we can keep mentioning them, because they're worth it. And their names again: John Hancock, Derick Holyoke, Gordon Johnson Norm Tame, Wendell Thrasher, Roger Spooner, and Bill White. Great, great people. [Applause]
It's not going to happen. So, I said to him, "What's happening with that plant?" I was making a speech a week ago, and I see the guy sitting right there with the guy with the blue shirt. See that nice looking guy right there, right about there. Yeah, you can stand up if you want. You look like a nice.
I want to congratulate you. You've had a long journey, but your journey has just begun. I want to thank you for being here. May God bless you. And may God bless America. Thank you.
There's never been a movement like this, never happened before, but we're a movement for all Americans who believe in fairness and justice, equality and dignity, opportunity and safety. We are a big tent and we are a big party of big ideas for the future and that's why African-Americans are joining the Republican Party like nobody ever thought even possible.
And I explained the situation to the five year old child. They said, " No, you shouldn't do that, Sir, because the press won't like it." I said, "That's okay. I don't mind. The press doesn't like anything I do." They actually do like it, but they'll never say it, okay. But I asked the child, "So what would you do," after describing, "Would you leave the military until everything's out, including the civilians and all of that incredible military equipment?
If you want to make our country safe for violent criminals, vote for the radical Democrats. If you want to make our country safe for your children and for law-abiding Americans, you have to vote, you have no choice but to vote for Republicans. You have no choice. Our country doesn't win anymore. We don't win anymore.
In Afghanistan, you know, we haven't lost one soldier in Afghanistan for the last year and a half. In Chicago, they have 188 people shot over a weekend, many of whom die. That's worse than any war zone anywhere in the world. Chicago and New York. What's happening in New York, the crime in New York.
We should work together with any nation in the region that is threatened by the rise of radical Islam. But this has to be a two-way street -- they must also be good to us and remember us and all we are doing for them.
And today in New York City, two policemen were, as you know, were horribly shot. It goes on and on and on. We're going to save our Second Amendment which is totally under siege. And appoint Justices to the United States Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. It's time to cut our ties with the failed politicians of the past.
I mean, if I -- my polls went down to nothing and if you guys weren't all calling, wanting interviews because you know, you can always tell how you're doing because like the level of calling for these shows, and then, they want to do got you, got you. You know constantly. You do 400 interviews; you answer one question a little bit.
We're going to have private doctors take care of our vets because they can't wait three, four, five weeks." And my people said, "sir, we've been trying to do that for 40 years." I said, "you know what? I'm good at getting approvals. Let's go get it." And we got it! We got it. Right? We got it. Our vets are being taken care of first time.
Please don't put those tariffs on me, please. I beg you. Don't put the tariffs. I will send in the federal law enforcement to liberate every Pennsylvania town and every town in the United States of America that has been taken over by migrant gangs and thugs and criminal aliens. Another front in Kamala's war on Pennsylvania's way of life is her war on energy.
A lot of people from Doral. Well, thank you. That's a great honor. I also want to thank a man who has been unbelievable in terms of Israel and so many other things. He's been -- you know, he was a great real estate developer. He had a great personality and you need a personality for this. And I said, he's just as good as there is and he's done so well.
Can you imagine? Jeb? Jeb sold him. Jeb, he's a good salesman. See now that he's out, I'll say Jeb's a good salesman, right? He's a high-energy salesman. But Mitt was afraid of Jeb, because he was afraid that Jeb would get the money and Jeb would get whatever. And you know, I wasn't afraid. I wasn't afraid of Jeb, I can tell you that.
You saw her the other day. You saw the debates where they hide them in between football games. They put them on crazy. How about the next debate they have? They're putting it against two NFL playoff games so that nobody watches. Let me just tell you, I may win. I may not win. Hillary, that's not a president.
This would be Israel. And I said to Miriam, I said to Sheldon, I said to friends of mine, "How can such a big piece of land -- I mean, how could this be possible where you have that little piece of land surrounded by massive numbers of people and soldiers, big armies --" Iran has a big army. Big mistake when another administration took out Iraq.
I talked about Social Security, because we're going to save our Social Security. And I talked about trade. I talked about trade like nobody else could talk about trade. When Carl Icahn endorses me... and many of the best business men in the world, and women, they want to endorse me. I say, don't bother. Nobody knows who the hell you are.
Now that's going to be really fabulous. Now if that can't happen, if for some reason if that can't happen, if for some reason if that can't happen, if for some reason they want the system to continue the way they want the system to continue the way they want the system to continue the way It's going now which is unfair and not it's going now, which is unfair and not it's going now, which is unfair and not good where we're spending trillions and good where we're spending trillions and good where we're spending trillions and trillions of dollars, probably four trillions of Dollars probably four trillions of dollars, probably four trillion dollars in the Middle East and trillion dollars in the Middle East and trillion dollars in the Middle East.
They didn't do that. They built these crazy rooms underneath. They built three tiny little stages, very expensive. Someday maybe somebody will occupy one. They're underground. In fact, when I looked from a distance, you know, you see these like hubs, concrete hubs, and I thought it was modern, art, you know?
Everything they do is a big deal. Used to be a farm. Today it's like you got to read. You got to certify. You got to do all this stuff. They tell me things it's like a horror story. We're going to go back 15 years. We're going to go back so many years. So what happened is so incredible. So we'll take care of things and we will -- we have a lot of cutting to do. There's tremendous cutting to do. You know when you have budgets and you're dealing in trillions and if you put the right people in charge of these massive agencies and you say cut 5%, you know these people are talking about balancing budgets and 35 years from now.
And instead, we watched her concession speech. That was crooked Hillary. That was a real piece of work. Remember when she would say, "Will you accept the decision of the voters? Will you accept that decision?" And I didn't -- You know, I was imperfect, I said, "I'll see how it works out." I mean I should have said, "Yes, I will." but I couldn't do that because I know how crooked she is, right.
So we're first. We spend more money per pupil by so much more than number two, your head... you wouldn't even believe it. It's like number two doesn't even exist. So we spend much more money than anybody else per pupil and yet we're last. You have Sweden. You have Norway. You have Denmark. You have China.
They're made in other countries. And you pay a number -- I mean, the same package in our country compared to like London and other places is sometimes 10 times more. Ten times more. Something that sells for $88 in London sells for $1,300 here. Made in the same factory by the same company. And that's over.
So 10 years, so they were having a big march on Washington in two days, and I signed this new law. We updated it and it was 10 years -- you get 10 years in prison, you touch, you knock down a monument, and there's no games. This is the old days. This is the days when we had strong laws when we had real laws, when we had real politicians that knew how to make laws.
And because if you look at us all, around the world, we are respected again. We are not pushovers anymore. We are not pushovers. You saw the President of France he came in, great guy. Chancellor Merkel came in yesterday from Germany. No, it will all be fine.
I can't say seats. They may be the best stands because everyone's standing. We couldn't get -- but wait what they don't know, they may be the best location but these people are all going to be famous. They're going to be famous too. You're all on television so smile and have a good time. So, I mean personally, if it was up to me, now, you waited what?
You're not going to do just -- you know what? Just relax, take it easy, put it away, enjoy your life, but you're going to make a lot of money. You're going to make a lot of money. And again, we have never had because they respect us now. Then, they don't respect us. We have never had a better relationship with China than we do right now.
We're going to see if that happens. But if the justices got their way. They won't be packed. In other words, what's happened is vicious things. Look at the Schumer statement that he said when he was on the court steps. So he's no longer protected because he's not, you know, in Congress, if you're a guy like Adam Schiff, you can lie and lie and lie.
He's a pastor and you have people that didn't deserve to be there. And then one of the worst prisons in the world and we had to do something. So always talk about. So today, I heard oh they're being of released. Like, it's this big. First of all, it should have taken place three and a half, four years ago whenever the hell they start.
What's happening to our country is shocking. It's unacceptable. And we are going -- we have no choice. We're going to do the largest deportation in the history of our country. We have no choice. [Applause] Just this week in Coney Island, two Kamala migrants were arrested for the rape of a 46-year-old woman throwing her to the ground and raping her with a knife to her throat.
Why does he have to talk about it? You know the movies shoot first, talk later? Right? Right? Right? Shoot first, you talk about it later. But why does he have to do it? The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, I like that movie, right? Don't we like it? Remember the bad, boom, from the bathtub. Shoot first. The guy was doing too much talking up there, right?
He's tough and he's smart. And he's incredible. So thank you both and Marjorie, thank you very much for being here. We appreciate it. Thank you. North Dakota Governor Kristi Noem, who's been terrific. Where's Kristi? Thank you, Kristi. Doing a great job. Kristi called me two years ago. She said, "Sir, do you think we could have fireworks" at those magnificent faces.
I love this person. "You're so handsome. How have you stayed so handsome under all this pressure?" And I actually thought of it to myself. you have to remember, it doesn't matter, God matters, your family matters, it doesn't matter and if you say it, I have some people, they say, "I've got to be successful. I've got to be."  They'll never be successful. It's too crazy. They -- they can't think straight. Does that make sense? Does that make sense to you that was going crazy, standing up about your success, right? So you've gotta handle. Now he's a little bit more low-key. That's very good. I like that. We've calmed him down.
I -- You know, I'm a little surprised, little surprised. You -- I'm a little surprised. I know you'd be -- I'm a little surprised you let it happen, actually. But we're going to get rid of it. I announced it. We're launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called 1776 commission. We're going to teach our children the truth about America.
Every Democrat running for President supports free federal welfare for illegal aliens on your tax. Not only does illegal immigration drain our treasury, but it threatens innocent lives as just one heartbreaking example, two illegal aliens in Maryland, who had been previously charged with attempted murder were released, unaccountably released.
They can kill people, and nobody does anything, and they've killed plenty. When you look at what -- when you look at the -- the problems and the death and destruction that they've caused and nobody does a thing about it, and now you look at the so-called word insurrection, January 6th, what a lot of crap.
There's a guy named Norm Eisen, I don't even know what he looks like. His name is Norm Eisen of CREW. He's been after me for nine years now. CREW is a charitable organization. And the reason I'm saying this, Todd, is I'm only going to get one chance to say this, but these are bad people. I don't know who he is. I don't know what he looks like.
Wouldn't that be fun? [Audience shouts "Yeah"] I'd get him out and Hillary too to a lesser extent. Get them out. Get them the hell out. Look at the Hillary sign. Look at the Hillary sign. Look at the Hillary sign. Unbelievable. So, we're going to stop it. We're going to stop being the stupid country because that's what people think of us. We're going to be the brilliant country.
And a friend of mine comes up to me and says, how do you stand it? You get sued so much. How do you stand it? I said, I don't even think about it. And your country is so much more advanced than our country. I know you have your own problems. One little story. They asked me to take a picture in front of your opera house, which I thought was a great idea.
And it's a snake. And what it is, is it's representative of the people that we're allowing into our country because we know who they are. We're trying to be nice. But sometimes, you can't be so nice. You have to do it. We have to run it like a country. Some countries have absolutely no problems. You look at others.
OK." Now they're all set. They're all set. On November 8, we are going to win the great state of Virginia and we are going to win back the White House and we are going to do it. This election will decide whether we're ruled by a corrupt political class or whether we are ruled by yourselves, the people. It's going to be the people.
They found out I was right. And it's a huge subject. I mean, the whole thing with illegal immigration is a huge subject and I love Mexico and I love the Mexican people. I have thousands of Hispanics working for me and they're great and they do a great job. And I'm winning in polls. Nevada just gave me the poll.
I promise you this, and I say it all the time. We had a great 2016, but we did much better in 2020. I say it again and again because the fake news doesn't want to report that. They never want to report it. What happened in 2020? Well, I got millions more votes. "Well, I never thought of it that way, sir.
And as the wall rapidly goes up, drug seizures rise, and the border crossings are down, and going down very rapidly. Last year, I traveled to the border in Texas and met Chief Patrol Agent Raul Ortiz. Over the last 24 months, Agent Ortiz and his team have seized more than 200,000 pounds of poisonous narcotics, arrested more than 3,000 human smugglers, and rescued more than 2,000 migrants.
I really believe it. Kamala lost 325,000 migrant children who are now dead or in slavery. They're gone. She's missing 325,000 children. Their parents are looking -- they're never going to see their parents again. They came in. They were taken in. And they're either dead in slavery or just plain missing.
Can you believe that? You get laid off, and then they won't give you your severance pay unless you train the people that are replacing you. I mean, that's -- that's actually demeaning, maybe more than anything else.
One of the generals was on television, as usual, saying that we're the least prepared now than any time that he's ever seen, and he's been there a long time retiring. That's how we are. In the most dangerous world we've ever had because of the power of weapons, we have people that don't know -- I'm telling you, I watch him.
And the leaders have to get supportive. And if they don't get supportive, we're going to win anyway, don't worry about it. In fact, probably, I'd do better without the kind of support that we're talking about because that's why I'm here in the first place. That's why I'm here in the first place. The convention's going to be terrific.
Goes down deep and it goes up high. No more tunneling. And we're bringing our jobs, our factories, our troops back home in the USA where they belong, right? Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in US history. Our southern border is now. And I want to thank Mexico. Mexico has right now 27,000 troops guarding our border.
They had me stomping around screaming with anger up in my area of the White House where I live with my wife and son, Barron. They had me screaming, shouting like a lunatic. And I had a television. I said, what are they saying? I had six people in my office. I was in the Oval Office. We're having a talk on trade. Actually, it happened to be trade with Canada. They were telling me what's happening. And they said, sir, you're not up there screaming and ranting and raving. You're here talking. That's how dishonest it's become.
They come from Pennsylvania and they want to go and see our Capitol and they get murdered. So much crime. So much horrible violent crime. But rather it will become the most beautiful Capitol anywhere in the world. We're going to clean it up and we're going to make it safe so our congressmen can walk into that wonderful place.
Our new EPA administrator, Scott Pruitt, a Kentucky native, will turn the EPA -- environmental -- will turn the EPA from a job killer into a job creator. You watch. [Applause] Since my Inauguration, we've already added nearly a half-a- million new jobs. And that's, believe me, just the beginning, just the beginning. [Applause]
Not stopping, going to go through that. I know the stations very well. I used to take the subway. It used to feel safe. When I was young, I'd go to -- my parents would drop me off at the subway, I'd take the subway to my school. Can you believe it? Today they wouldn't be doing that. And we want to back -- we want to get a country back maybe where you can do that again, Pam. But it's so sad to see what's taking place.
We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the United States, just as the price of oil reached an all time high. We are a nation that surrendered in Afghanistan, leaving behind dead soldiers, American citizens, and $85 billion worth of the finest military equipment in the world. We are a nation that allowed Russia to devastate a country, Ukraine, killing hundreds of thousands of people and it will only get worse.
In 26 days, we're going to defeat the corrupt establishment and we are going to save the United States of America. We are going to save the United States. [Applause]
That's no good health insurance. And we will -- and you've got to remember this, Republicans and I speak for every one of them. We will always protect pre-existing conditions. We're going to protect, always. Right? Got to do it. Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in 51 years and the only decline in 51 years.
Look what happened. Look what happened. We had a lot of fun. This has been the greatest movement in the history of our country. Remember that. And in the history of most countries. Don't let them take it away with the -- with the false reporting and everything else. Don't let them take it away. This will be the election of the Kavanaughs and the caravans and law and order and tax cuts.
Lying Ted. He didn't know. He was adjoint. He was U.S. and he was Canada. And you know, that's not the way it's supposed to work. You're supposed to be born like here, here, here. So the first thing that's going to happen if he should luck out because it would -- He'd need a lot of luck. He's really, really far behind.
She's destroying our grid. Prices will soar by more than 100 percent, driving us into third-world status even as she forces us to only buy electric cars. Think of it. We don't have electricity. In California, you have brownouts and blackouts every week. And blackouts, I mean, the place is stone cold broke, no electricity.
So if they want to sell into our country and if they want to take our jobs by doing that, we're going to have a tax. That's going to be a privilege tax. And this has happened before. You know, in the 1890s, we had a president who was extremely strong on exactly what I'm talking about right now. We had an unbelievably profitable country.
The police want to do it. The border patrol wants to do it. Border patrol, they're incredible.
He is like central casting. Thank you, Chad. What a family, though. Look at the family. Thank you, thank you both. Great. Another man, he wrote a song it went to number one on all the lists, you saw it. We put it -- that's right, he said Tom MacDonald. He's Tom MacDonald. Tom? Where's Tom? Thank you, Tom.
This guy should win easily and he's gonna win easily. You got to know him, he's an extraordinary person. Go out and vote on Tuesday for Rick Saccone. Rick, go ahead. [Applause]
We got millions like 10 million, 12 million more votes than we did the first time. No president has ever gotten that many more votes. I got like 9 million more than anybody else had ever gotten and they said we lost and because of that I said to Melania, what do you think? And she said, you want to do this again?
Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the office of the presidency of the United States. She's threatened national security [Inaudible] and then to cover her tracks, she deleted 33,000 e-mails after receiving a Congressional subpoena.
Jeff, he's been our friend for a long time. Jeff, you've done a great job. Really great job. South Dakota chair, Dan Lederman. Dan. Thank you, Dan. And how is Kristi? Doing good? All right. You let her know. Well, whatever I can do, OK? She's terrific. Woodbury County sheriff, Chad Sheehan. OK. That's the guy.
But you know what? I'm so happy. This was the greatest decision I ever made, because -- We have done so much good together. We've done it together. We couldn't have done it without you, and we've done so much. From the biggest tax cuts in history, to regulation cuts. The biggest ever. We have cut regulations at a level that nobody believes.
In the military, all done. Everybody fired, everybody gone. They came back in. They ended it immediately. And now, we're back to the same old stuff. It's unbelievable. We will also keep men out of women's sports. The swimmer, the young swimmer, she wanted to break that record. One-sixteenth of a second, she was going to do it. And she looked over and she said hello to people that she's grown up with.
I'm telling you. I want to talk about that because that's really -- but speaking of illegal immigration and Syria or wherever these people are coming from, and you know what, I have a big heart. I have as big a heart as anybody. A big, big heart. And we should build, we should build in Syria safe zones. We should do it and we'll get the Gulf states to put up the money.
That was a license for them to make nuclear weapons. You cannot let Iran have a nuclear weapon. You cannot let it happen because bad things will happen if that happens. But I got that approved. That was the biggest of all. That was bigger than Jerusalem. That was bigger than the Golan Heights. I always considered that to be the biggest.
They apologized for America. Now you finally have a president who is standing up for America. [Audience Chants USA] I have to tell you, I wish these fakers back there, the fake news, I wish they'd turn the cameras and show behind them, show outside these walls. Look at the people out there. It's amazing.
But people went nuts. Now you look at what's going on with Afghanistan. You have Karzai that's treating our president like he doesn't even exist. So they make a deal and I'm not advocating stay because frankly, I want to build this country. I want to build these schools. I don't want to build a school in Afghanistan, a road going to the school what should get built up and then blown up four times and they keep rebuilding and rebuilding.
But when they ship products to us, they can send them tax free. You understand that. It was a defective because we have two different tax arrangements. So you have the VAT and ours is ours. It's a 17%, approximately 17%. So the agreement was defective when we made the agreement. Everybody knew it and nobody changed it. And that's why you don't see the stuff coming the other way.
NBC's one of the worst, but they can't. But it was sort of straight. And they said, "Ladies and gentlemen, we're pleased to have this opportunity to talk to Governor Ron DeSanctis." And he said, "No. No. No. It's DeSantis." That's good branding. When you can get it so they can't even get his name right. And that's just the abbreviation of DeSanctimonious, right?
The kind of destruction that they've been doing to our country is just not acceptable. It's not acceptable. They're destroying America. They're destroying our land, our everything, anything having to do with us. They're destroying open borders, high interest rates, high taxes. Nobody's ever seen anything like that.
And he's going to drive your taxes right through the roof. Cordray will destroy Ohio, and destroy its miners and its steelworkers, and everybody else. Mark my words. I hope I don't have to come back, because that means a bad thing happened tomorrow. If you want a safe and prosperous future for Ohio, vote for Mike DeWine.
They want all things. It's not big enough to fire up your plants. It's not good. It's not consistent. So Germany tried it and they went bust, and now they're building coal plants all over the place and they're building nuclear. They closed up all their nuclear, all their coal. Now they're reopening them. It didn't work.
She was the worst at ruining police officers. When I'm -- and by the way, I have the endorsement of virtually every police organization in the United States. Almost everyone. And when I'm president of the United States again, we will never defund the police. We will only overfund. We're going to overfund the police if we have to. I will always give our law enforcement heroes the protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve.
Now they just change it to climate change. 'cause climate change you can't miss. How's it doing? Climate change every time. If it's cold, if it's hot, if it's rainy, if it's sunny, if it's too crazy, we have climate change. But think of it, they're telling you what's gonna happen 100 years. The oceans are gonna rise a quarter of an inch and everyone's gonna be wiped out.
We've rebuilt it. You go over to China now, they have bridges like the George Washington Bridge all over the place. That's like a small bridge, all over the place. We've rebuilt it with the money they've sucked out of here. Think of it. Think of it. They take our jobs. They take our manufacturing. They take our money.
We need to protect American jobs security and safety. Don't worry we're going to build that wall. That wall will go up. It's going to go up. We're gonna build the wall. Mexico's going to pay for the wall. We're going to stop drugs from coming in. We've got to stop the drugs from pouring into our states. It's poisoning our youth and others.
We want you to pay us. Did you see that? It was a little article. You hardly, it's a slight difference would you say? He would've never asked that. He would've never asked that. So he said they want 20 billion, 20 billion, not 20 million's a lot. They want 20 with a B. $20 billion a year just for the privilege of negotiating with Mexico.
And what a job. Are we doing good? Are we doing good? Good. Feel good about Tuesday, right? That's good, Jason. We have a lot of -- a lot of respect, a lot of confidence, too. Somebody that's been a friend of mine for a long time, an incredible attorney general for a long time, believe it or not. You look at her.
I speak the truth for all of you and for everyone in this country who doesn't have a voice, of which there are many. I speak the truth on behalf of the factory worker who lost his or her job, and that's happening more and more in our country. I speak the truth on behalf of the veteran who has been denied the medical care they need and the medical care they deserve. And so many are not making it, but they're going to make it if Trump becomes president. That, I can tell you. [Applause]
I was very good. I was a good student and all that stuff. But you don't have to go to Wharton. You don't have to go to high school to understand this. So we're leaving Carrier. We're leaving and we're going to Mexico, right? How is that good for us? They're going to make our conditioners and sell them to our country.
He'll sing a song or two, and then he'll leave, and the crowd will leave, and sleepy Joe's up there talking. That happened to Hilary, too, right? They got Beyonce, and they got JayZ right? JayZ? And he started using the F word, do you remember? In front of this crowd, and it was unbel -- he was using the F word, F word, F word, and the crowd is going -- And then, they left, and the crowd left, and Hilary was standing on stage with an empty place, and she was talking.
Seven points in Rasmussen, seven points in Harvard/Harris. We just had another one come out. We're leading Biden by 11. To me, 11, I don't understand. That doesn't sound like a lot, right? You'd think we'd be leading by 30, 40 or 50 points. I can't imagine that. But they have a built-in base, you know -- they have a built-in voter base that get a vote for him no matter who it is. It's incredible, but a lot of them are actually coming to our side and that's maybe more incredible.
And we took out the worlds number one terrorist the mass murderer of many American troops, and many other troops, and many other people, Qasem Soleimani, is dead. And I withdrew from last administrations disastrous 150 billion plus 1.8 billion in cash, can you believe that? Five plane loads of cash, figure that one.
He's -- He is really, yeah, he's the dumbest senator. Well, now he's a lot dumber than he used to be, I can tell you that. It's true. It's true. It's true. And you can take the gloves off because you know, they do all this disinformation, they make up phony stuff, like the military with what he said, I think it's a disgrace and he should apologize.
Cory Booker is gonna be in charge. Cory Booker, the mayor of -- the former mayor of Newark, New Jersey, who never lived in Newark. I don't know how he got away with that one, Mike. Never lived there. They will censor you, cancel you, and indoctrinate your children with anti-American lies, but we don't let that -- we don't let that happen.
And I give a lot of credit to the people that brought this out. Believe me. This is criminal behavior that violates centuries of tradition of peaceful, democratic elections. A campaign like Clinton's that will insight violence, is truly a campaign that will do anything to win.
You know, when you think about it, we want a strong military. We want protection. We want to take care of our vets. Think of it. We want to -- we want a good home. We want a great family. We want education. We want great healthcare. We want all the -- what's to argue with, right? We're looking for the same thing as them, as anybody else.
I think I'm not allowed to run again. I'm not sure. Am I allowed to run again, Mike? I better not get you involved in that argument. No, I -- we raised a lot of money, a tremendous amount and our tele-town halls are something that's very special that nobody else is able to even contemplate using. We've gotten a lot of people elected with those tele town halls.
They've never challenged it. They can't challenge it. It's not even close. By the way, it's 100 times, 200 times greater than anything. There's never been anything like this. I always tell the story. Pat Buchanan was a great guy, conservative commentator. He came in second in New Hampshire, and he became very famous, and he had a phenomenal career because he came in second.
I never thought I'd be on this side of the ledger, but here we are. How did we do? We did OK. We did OK. We did OK. We did OK. Actually, we had one of the greatest. They were saying we had one of the greatest presidencies in history. And it's true. And we're going to top it with this one. We're going to top it. And, you know, in a -- in a certain way, if you remember, I campaigned on the border because the border was bad.
We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Nevada, we will make America wealthy again.
They voted all over. And here we are, folks. Here we are. Tomorrow, the people of Indiana are going to elect an outstanding man. He will be a great new senator to work along with Todd. A vote for Mike Braun is a vote to keep your jobs going, to keep your wages going up, and to take care once and for all -- and we've done a really good job for it. You look at the Wall Street Journal today, their editorial, they say we haven't gotten the credit for what we've done to health care, including, by the way, getting rid of the worst part of Obamacare, the individual mandate.
We're going to have a great, great country again. And you're going to be so proud of your President, but I don't care about that. You're going to be so proud of this country. The American Dream, remember this and I've been saying it, the American dream is dead. But I'm going to make it bigger and better and stronger than ever before.
You know, I had one of the top Wall Street guys call me. They said, "Who the hell gave you that idea? How simple is that?" You've never heard anything like, "If you make your product here, you get a lower tax." You don't hear it. It seems so simple, like the paper clip. Some guy made the paper clip a long time ago, and everybody looked and said, "Why the hell didn't I think of that?" Right? And for those who don't make their product in America, they'll be forced to pay a stiff tariff for the privilege of competing with our cherished companies that we are going to protect because they're stealing our jobs, our treasure, our wealth.
But all of this is happening because we're beating them badly in the polls. You know, if I wasn't running or if I was in fifth place, fourth place -- how about this guy from Arkansas? He's been at zero for a year, zero. His name is Ada Hutchinson. He's actually Asa, but I call him Ada. Ada Hutchinson. He was the governor of -- I don't know because it's such a great state.
No New Yorker can vote for Ted Cruz and no New Yorker can vote from Kasich when he was one that approved NAFTA. He voted in favor of NAFTA, which has been a disaster for yoru state and for this country. A total disaster. So with all of that being said, tomorrow get out and vote. We've got to vote. We've got to vote.
Less than three years ago, ISIS controlled the vast reaches of territory in Iraq and Syria. Today, the U.S. Armed Forces and our allies have totally obliterated ISIS and its caliphate. And, you know, I was going to leave. We were down to 98 percent. And I have to say this: When I came in -- again, less than three years ago -- it was a mess.
And we did something that was amazing. The big problem was it was caught up in the federal government. But the people will decide, and that's the way it should be. The people are now deciding. And some states are a little bit more conservative, and some states are much more liberal. If the radical-Democrat extremes get their way, they will have a federal law for abortion to rip the baby out of the womb in the seventh, eighth, and ninth month and even execute the baby after birth.
They don't like watching it. They don't like watching it. They've got a sick puppy, shifty Schiff. [Audience shouts "Boo"] And they don't like seeing what's happening and a lot of Democrats are saying, one of them was in today in Detroit. I believe and she's like a D, Democrat 30, that means, in other words, that's not one that we're going to work too hard to get, but you never know what happens, right?
That's the votes that they talk about. That's not the votes. Nobody knows. Actually, nobody has any idea. You got these machines. "You know, it's broken. We think we might have paper ballot backup. Oh, we don't have the backup. Oh, wow." They have no idea how many -- they have no idea how many votes.
Now if the weather's bad, it's OK, right? If you don't mind. But the communist Marxist, socialists and globalists had their chance, and they delivered nothing but disaster. And now let's see how a communist does in New York. We're going to see how that works out. And we'll help them. We'll help them. We want New York to be successful.
They see what I go through, you know. I had more investigations than Al Capone. He killed a person a week, Alphonse Capone. The meanest Scarface. The meanest of them all. I've been investigated more than Alphonse Capone ever even dreamed about because he used to kill the investigators. I don't do that, you know? You want to come up for one second, David? Fast? Come on. Come on, David. Come on.
These are animals and we send these guys out and we liberate those towns. We liberate them. Hillary wouldn't have liberated those towns, we liberate those towns and the people are cheering it's like a war. It's like if you got liberated as a country.
I know that each of you will be a warrior for the truth, will be a warrior for our country, and for your family. I know that each of you will do what is right, not what is the easy way, and that you will be true to yourself, and your country, and your beliefs. In my short time in Washington I've seen firsthand how the system is broken. A small group of failed voices who think they know everything and understand everyone want to tell everybody else how to live and what to do and how to think. But you aren't going to let other people tell you what you believe, especially when you know that you're right.
We're going to bring our workers back. We're going to bring our country back. We're going to bring companies back into our country. They're going to hire lots of people.
And you know what? People don't even know, it's very complex, but they're under a VAT tax system. So it's about a 17, almost 17 percent. So what happens is every time we make a deal, because we have a different system, we pay 17, they pay nothing. So the agreement has been defective for years and nobody ever changed it. That's why you never see anybody coming the opposite way. It's always jobs moving to Mexico. You never see because it's a defective contract. They signed a defective contract just there.
But she was the weakest person on the whole list. But she's got the fake news. They're all fake, and they -- they're behind her. Nobody knows why. I'm sure they don't know why. They do it out of habit. They do it out of -- because there's no reason why anybody would be behind her. She's not qualified.
Thank you, Dan. Thank you. Thank you, Dan. He'll be a great governor. Hey, Dan, you make a lot of progress. I see the polls are very close and they get a little bit nervous. They're getting a little nervous about you. A friend of mine from the beginning. She's always been with me and just a fantastic woman, Virginia Fox, congresswoman.
We have some of the best rare earth anywhere in the world, but we're not allowed to use it because the environmentalists got there first. They said you cannot touch that land. I look at the land, it looks like every other piece of land, what is it? Well, this is very protected. They have no idea what they're doing to our -- to our country.
I've gotten to know them all my first term and a little bit during this period of four years and know them well, like them a lot. But they're very frustrated because of the time everything seems to take to get approved, environmental impact statements for things that you shouldn't even have to do that and many, many other ways that it takes.
America is a sovereign nation and our first priority is always the safety and security of our citizens. We are not here to lecturewe are not here to tell other people how to live, what to do, who to be, or how to worship. Instead, we are here to offer partnership -- based on shared interests and values -- to pursue a better future for us all.
At home, taxes will go down, especially for -- look, I mean, it's going to go down for a lot of people, for business they're going down, businesses are going to flourish, they're going to come pouring back. But taxes will go down, especially for middle-income Americans. [Applause]
Thank you, darling. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. That's very nice. I love you, too. Never forget, our enemies want to stop us because we're the only ones who can stop them, and they know we're stopping them. They want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom.
And except for a lot of the fake news that you see from these people back here... [Audience Boos] this is an incredible time for our country. America is winning again. America is being respected again. Because we are finally putting America first again. We have the best economy in our history. And I have to tell you this, if our opponent got into office, which would have been a very sad, sad period of time... [Audience Boos, chants Lock Her Up] instead of your... It is a pretty sad day, isn't it? Don't worry.
A shutdown causes big problems also, and at this point, when the economy is roaring back, we had record-job numbers this last quarter, over 9 million jobs. We're going to throw that all out? We have a market, you know, your stock market -- who has 401Ks here? Your 401Ks and your stocks, when you have stocks, would be obliterated.
Thank you.
Now, I'm the one -- it was almost 40. I got it down to 21. But here's the key. We're going to cut it all the way down to 15. The jobs are going to be flowing, companies because it's going to be about the most competitive rate in the world. But only for those who make their product here in the USA and hire American workers for the job. [Applause]
How about a little protest? But they cheered the assassination of CEOs, looted our cities and destroyed our property. No, they tried to jail our politicians and they tried to jail a lot of people, many of whom didn't even know what the hell they were being looked at for. These people are criminals. If they had their way we would be living in a third world hellhole.
It skipped socialism. It never stopped. The train never stopped at the socialism world. The world of social -- not a good one, but the world of communism is many times worse. Now, that they've swapped out Biden -- is he going to the Democrat convention? This is a big question. I'd like to go to watch Kamala get sworn in as they ripped it away from him.
Thank you, Jeff, for that. And we really appreciate it. Thank you. Great.  We want every American to know the dignity of work, the pride of a paycheck, and the satisfaction of a job well done. We do not believe in socialism. Okay? Is that all right to say? Think that's okay? I think so. If we had socialism here, you'd have nothing standing.
You know you come up with a new computer, you come up with a new chip, three days later, it's obsolete. I would not want to be in that business, but there are two things, a wall and a wheel, right? A wall and a wheel and in a thousand years, two thousand years, it's going to be here. We invested two $2.5 trillion in the U.S. military and launched the first new branch of the United States Armed forces in more than 75 years, Space Force.
Iran was being reduction in violence. Iran was being choked by sanctions. Syria was somewhat choked by sanctions. Syria was somewhat choked by sanctions. Syria was somewhat under control after four years of under control after four years of under control after four years of hillary clinton. What do we have?
So you have a governor and you have a sitting senator. And it's not even close. We're at 28, 29. They're in the teens, low teens. And we want to keep it that way. We're actually, we're going up. I'm not even happy with what I hear, 29 now. I'm saying we should do better because here's what just happened.
The wind is very expensive because you put up those windmills -- I know it very well. First of all, they're made in Germany and they're made in China. Think of the pollutants that go on the air when they're making these massive steel things. If it's anywhere near your house, your house is way down in value.
Let them come in. They're standing, it's 95 degrees out. Let them come in. There's some seats. And they got thousands of people, they won't let them in. A Harris presidency -- you know why? Because they don't want to show that we're successful. That's all it is. They don't want to show. She has to go get entertainers.
With a loss of religious institutions with a loss of religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status, if they openly their tax-exempt status, if they openly their tax-exempt status, if they openly advocate their political views, their advocate, their political views, their advocate, their political views, their Voice has been taken away, I am going to - voice has been taken away.
He doesn't know what to do. But I -- I said this before it was passed. It couldn't have worked in a million years. Insurers are leaving, companies are fleeing. And by the way, is putting your companies out of business. It's putting your small businesses out of business. And Hillary Clinton, here's another thing we can say, I'm going to repeal it and replace it. She's going to expand it and it's going to get more and more expensive.
When people laugh at -- they're laughing at our leaders. We have a guy who can't walk, he can't find the stairways. Look, there's about six of them up. He finishes his speech, he can't find the stairways. And she's worse than him. You see what's going on. Did you see her tonight screaming, "We're going to win, we're going to win."
What they're doing is so bad to this country, to stop the Marxist prosecutors who released rapists and murderers while persecuting Republicans, Conservatives, and people of faith like you. I will direct a completely overhauled DOJ to investigate every radical DA and AG in America for their illegal racist in reverse enforcement of the law.
and like some of the people they really mean it too i mean they made it they
And you remember in the last election they said Donald Trump will not do well with women. I said really? I said really? No. All of the fake news they said you will not do well with women and maybe they didn't want to say they like me to be honest. That I can understand. And then the election came and they said whatever happened to the fact that he wasn't going to do well with women because we did really well with women.
You've heard me say this many times; I'm very proud of it. Remember I used to say, "What do you have to lose? What do you have to lose?" Because I'd read these horrible statistics -- highest crime, worst education, all the bad things; lowest home ownership -- about African Americans. And they've always voted for Democrats. Not all, but a big proportion.
And I never forgot that, and I think it's true, but I think we need somebody like this and Dr. Oz working with him because if you look at autism and you go back 20 years, it was -- I think it was, like, one in 10,000 children. But actually, I think the number's even higher than that. One in 10,000, one in 20,000 children had autism, and now it's one in 34. What's that all about?
It's great, great, great spirit. You know why? You love our country, and you see what's happening. We have turned this big monstrous ship, we have turned it around, and we need so badly. You know, it's like you plant a tree. It takes a lot -- we have to get those roots to hold. We have the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country.
Is that correct? Carrie, is that correct? So she puts in the book something to the effect that Donald Trump is not sexist. I said that's a strange statement. Although, I must say I never read the book until I read some passages, but it was a good book about me. But she wants to come back. So she's e-mailing to my secretaries and for years.
And we have many other things for every single citizen, everybody is benefiting. Everybody. Everybody is benefiting. So before -- so before first election, my first election. What the hell? I never did it before. I did a good job though do you think? So did you. So did you. You know the fact is we did it together and I've always said it. I didn't do it. We did it together.
But this guy was very, very -- like one of the most important guys. And I'm watching the screen of the television, and I'm on the phone. And I say, "Could you hold on a minute? I'm seeing something here that I don't believe." That was the 22-story rocket ship coming down. And I wasn't sure if it was a science fiction movie.
Not even lawyers seem to know him. Federal prosecutors and agents may never select the timing of any action, including investigative steps, criminal charges or statements for the purpose of affecting any election or for the purpose of giving an advantage or disadvantage to any candidate or a political party.
They're not supposed to be doing that, folks. They have no respect, whatsoever. Nobody respects our country anymore.
He better keep them nice and clean. Believe me, we like the environment more than anybody. We want clean water and we want clean air. And you have warriors, you had guys, they fought for us won 97 to nothing. We will win, now think of it, Republicans won 97 on the House at nothing. Congressman Ken Buck, come on up. Congressman Scott Tipton and Congressman Doug Lamborn.
By the way, just by being so incompetent, he's a threat to democracy. His Marxist administration is pushing radical gender ideology into every school, and I'm sure this group is not particularly happy with that. And Crooked Joe has demonstrated an amazing ability to -- you know, he -- just to demolish the rule of law by arresting political opponents, dissidents, Christians, pro-life activists like a third-world dictator would do. It's a disgrace what's happened to our country in such a short period of time, three and a half years.
I used to get up -- in my first six months, I'd say, "Well, look, I never did this before." You know, I had a good excuse. We have no excuse. But I'll tell you, nobody's ever come up to me and said, "Sir, it's really important to me. Would you do me a favor? Would you let men play in women's sports?" Nobody has ever said it.
Now, as you probably have heard, we're looking at China and other countries, and we're straightening out some of these horrible deals that stole our wealth, stole our jobs, stole so much from us. Actually, in many ways, stole our dignity as a country.
And I'll tell you, she has done a fantastic job. Ronna, come on up here. Come on up. Come on up [Inaudible]. Come on. You wanna talk here? Here. Come here. Come here. Talk to them.
DeSanctimonious pushed a 23% national sales tax, which means he is 100%, in my opinion, unelectable when you do that. He also -- you know, the sales tax was one thing, but he also pushed very strong on doing damage -- bad damage, very bad, and maybe even extinguishing, a thing called Social Security. And he wanted the minimum age to be 70. He voted on it three times, by the way.
So the Iranian deal is one of the worst contracts I have ever seen of any kind, nothing to do with countries or anything. It's the most incompetently drawn document I think I've ever seen. It's a one way street. It's going to lead to nuclear proliferation as sure as you're sitting there. It was done by people that don't have a clue and it's a disgrace.
And the primary competitor, Joe, has -- he's in his basement. He just doesn't come out. They don't ask him questions. I said, "I wish somebody... " They asked him a couple about two months ago. It was like, "Hey. Hi." "Hi." "Are you enjoying your run?" "Yes." "Oh, okay, good." That was the question: "Are you enjoying it?" They don't ask me those questions. I have people -- they have fire coming out of their eyes.
They're the enemy of the -- I've been asked not to say it. I don't want to say it. They're the enemy of the people. And someday, they're not going to be the enemy of the people, I hope. Just days ago, a young US Marine Corps veteran named Nicholas Quets from right here in Arizona -- you know about it -- was driving through Mexico for a beach weekend, just a weekend with his friends -- a really good -- good guy, good kid -- when he was viciously gunned down on the highway and murdered by members of a Mexican cartel.
Yet, as you know, in recent months, America has faced down that unseen enemy: the virus from the distant land that spread across the globe and invaded our shores, but invaded the shores of -- think of it -- 88 -- 188 nations. I have a friend -- he's a very smart guy -- he said, "I didn't know there were that many nations." [Laughter] I said, "Actually, go over 200." But 188 nations -- [Audience member calls out "We love you"]
Under my leadership we achieved the most secure border in US history, our southern border, and we're finishing the wall. 400 miles plus, already built. Think of that. 400 miles. You know what 400 miles is? That's a lot. We'll be finished very shortly and it's exactly what they wanted. This is -- I said to the Border Patrol, "Give me your best, give me -- just give it." I figured it would be a nice concrete plank.
It's heading south very fast. You know, gasoline just hit $5.5 a gallon. You saw that. We were at $1.87. We're actually lower than that at some points, but it just hit $5, $5.5. In California, it's up to $7 and $8. So, here we go again. Here we go again with this guy. But I told you, buy larger tractors and more land.
So, we'll figure that out pretty easily, I think, and quickly. But I've ended all of the so-called diversity, equity, and inclusion programs across the entire federal government and private sector and notified every single government DEI officer that their jobs have been deleted. They're all deleted. And it's interesting, even these country -- these companies that have tremendous -- the amounts of money -- a number of them just announced -- Walmart, if you can believe it, they just announced that they're stopping.
You have a valuable farm, but it doesn't throw off the kind of money, the value's there. So, what I did is I said, "We got to do something, because people are losing their farms because of estate tax." It would be valued high, but it didn't make enough money. And they'd leave it to the kids and the kids would look up and say, "Mom and dad, what the hell did you leave me this farm for?" Now they don't have estate tax, essentially, unless it's a very large place.
OK. Thank you, Dean. Thank you, Dean. Thank you, Dean. And Dean really is a -- a champion, and I can tell you, I work with him. He's a champion for our workers, our families, and for our veterans. And we have to keep him. He led the charge in Congress to pass the most significant veterans reforms in half a century, including the V.A. Accountability Act.
And even more good news. Major electric and gas companies are lowering your utility prices and your utility bills because of tax reform, which is a big win not only for families, but a really big win, when you think of it, for the manufacturers. For places like this.
And with the military -- by the way, we're protecting countries that are behemoths. We're protecting countries that are so rich, so powerful, so incredible -- South Korea. We protect South Korea. I have many friends -- I have deals, I have buildings in South Korea.
It's going to end as sure as you're sitting there or standing there. A lot of people standing. But that's going to end. It's going to end quickly. But it started with that and it started with the border. Started with illegal immigration. You remember I made the statement about illegal immigration, it was like the furor.
No, if he were Republican, they wouldn't be doing it, but that's OK. But Ron's been a great Governor. It was an honor to be with him and endorse him. He's done a fantastic job. The only one better is his great first lady. I like her even better than Ron. But they'll release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, 100%, destroy your suburbs.
They've lost their loved ones for no reason. [Applause] [Crosstalk]
Oh yeah, I'm running because I thought -- That's not the deal. I mean, it's always possible that you don't win but boy, I thought we were going to win and we were getting crowds like this. Actually, to be honest, I think our crowds now are bigger, stronger, and even more enthusiastic than ever before. It's -- I really think they're more enthusiastic than ever before and in a true sense.
Get out and vote. Thank you very much. God bless you all. God bless you.
You know, two of your blast furnaces were down. The whole place was down. And laid off hundreds and hundreds of American workers. But the era of economic surrender is over for our country. It's over. And earlier this year, I kept a very crucial promise. To protect our national security, I imposed a 10 percent tariff on foreign aluminum and a 25 percent tariff on foreign steel.
It's the highest of any President at this point in his term. No, think of that, 56%. This is as we round the corner on the pandemic, 56%. They were much, much lower. Just remember this, if they were any good, I wouldn't have run for President, but they were no good. They did a horrible job, they did a horrible job.
He has total immunity, he can say anything he wants in the house. It's true. And I thought to myself, Isn't that crazy. It should be the exact opposite. You should be mandated to be more honest in the halls of Congress, not where you have immunity to say anything you want. Oh, did they die? Did Nancy did crazy Nancy go crazy when she heard that we had a transcript.
There's no chance I'd do that. There's just no chance I'd do that. I can't do that because -- [Audience chants "U.S.A."]
You know, she didn't used to be that way with him. In fact, she cannot stand President Obama. She didn't. But now, what does the president want? Well, he wants it. Oh well, I want the same thing. Isn't he a wonderful president? That's Hillary. I wonder why. Does anybody know why? That's right, folks. That's right.
We're going to take it back. Together, we'll fight for more jobs for American families, fair trade for American workers, and more American factories forging more products stamped with that beautiful phrase. You know what it is? Made in the U.S.A.. [Audience responds "Made in the U.S.A."]
Thank you everybody. Great honor. Thank you. Great honor. Thank you. It's a wonderful day. [Inaudible] [Audience chants "Trump"] [Inaudible] On a Saturday morning yet. Isn't that nice? Thank you all. And we're going to have an incredible convention. It's really going well. We're going to have an incredible convention.
Thank you very much. I appreciate it. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much.
That's catch. A murdered comes over, you catch him. What do you do? Well, not much. Most of them don't say they kill people, right? You catch them, you take their name, and you release them into our country. It was a big deal, it sounds easy, I ended it, but you want to see tough, go through courts, go through... But I ended it.
After years of building up foreign countries, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we will finally be going to build our country, defend our borders, and protect our American cities, suburbs, and towns. We will protect them like they have never been protected before. We will not be invaded.
You see it happening all the time. And by the way, you see what's happening also with the masks. They want the masks to start because they want it for the election, JD They want the masks on, and they want those mail-in ballots where they can cheat like hell. They're trying to figure it out. [Audience boos]
We're gonna going to love each other. We're gonna going to love each other. We're gonna cherish each other. We're gonna take care, cherish each other. We're gonna take care, cherish each other. We're gonna take care of each other and we're gonna have great of each other and we're gonna have great of each other and we're gonna have great economic development and we're not going economic development and we're not going economic development and we're not Going to let other countries take it away from to let other countries take it away from to let other countries take it away from us because that's what's been happening us because that's what's been happening us because that's what's been happening for far too many years.
The special interests who are used to getting their way have been trying everything possible to stop us. You know that. And the media are among the most dishonest people anywhere at any time. But they can't stop us because we're on this side. And it's the great side of the American people. That's what it is. Real change begins with immediately, immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare.
And it really is used over the years. And it really is people that have been abused and we have people that have been abused and we have people that have been abused and we have a majority. But we don't know. We have a - a majority, but we don't know. We have a - a majority, but we don't know. We have a majority, but it's not a silent majority, majority, but it's not a silent majority, majority, but it's not a silent majority.
You'll see numbers that are unbelievable because New York had a very, very hard time. A lot of bad things happened, but you take a few of the states out and you'll really see numbers, but by comparison to other countries and by almost all metrics, we've done an incredible job, including the job of helping the world with ventilators and all of the things that we built.
I just got it, $1 million, from Dan Newlin. Thank you, Dan. And again, when speaking to the family, I told them, I said, "Well, I'm going to be sending you a lot of money, but it can't compensate." They all said the same thing. "You're right, sir. We appreciate so much what you're doing, but nothing can take the place --" in the case of Corey.
We're going to drain the swamp.
The United States has recently strengthened our laws to better screen foreign investments in our country for national security threats, and we welcome cooperation with countries in this region and around the world that wish to do the same. You need to do it for your own protection.
All of these bad actors share a common enemy, the one force they cannot stop, the force deep within our souls, and that is the power of hope. That is why, in addition to our great military might, our enemies truly fear the United States. Because our people never lose faith, never give in, and always hope for a better tomorrow.
But I'll tell you, those unions are voting for us. And a lot of people that traditionally don't vote Republicans, they're just fed up. You know, they're Democrats. But you have a lot of great people that love our country. They want to make our country great again. They want to make America great again. They're going to vote for us. We had a big turnover and a big crossover in 2016. We have it now too.
Get him out. You know, it's sort of fun isn't this more exciting? [Audience yells "Yeah"] You know, you go to a Hillary thing and it's like boring. You go to a Jeb thing and you fall asleep. We had -- we had in New Hampshire, we had 4,500 in one of the events. We had 4,500 people. Jeb had 101. His -- [Audience yells "Boo"] Are there any remnants?
Everything we do, they know. We -- we have generals, they go on television. Who the hell wants our generals on television? I don't want. I want General George Patton. I want great generals. I want Douglas MacArthur. We have him. You -- you look at West Point, you look at Annapolis, you look at the Air Force Academy, you look at these great places, we have great talent there and we're going to find the right guys.
In fact, I have to be honest, my geniuses said, Mr. Trump, sir, don't come there, everyone's voting for you there. You don't need to go there, you've got their vote. I said that's why I want to go there. Don't you want to reward people for being your friend, right? [Applause]
So these people that talk about destroying our Second Amendment and chipping away like Obama, chipping away at it, like Hillary Clinton chipping away. She wants to do more than chip away. I mean, she wants, as far as I'm concerned, she wants to get rid of our Second Amendment. So that'll be a whole thing.
Yeah, she is, which is pretty amazing, I tell you. She's pretty amazing. And Eric, Eric has been great. But what -- they went after my kids, and I restrict him from doing things. I mean, can you imagine the money? My kids could be, dad let's build a hotel in Saudi Arabia? I'm restricted. Obviously, I can't do anything.
And it was wonderful. But I got to know the state very well. And I love the people of Ohio. I love the people of Ohio. Great people. And we can tell you -- we can tell you plenty of stories. Maybe I'll tell you the story a little bit later about how great our military is. Should I do that? [Audience chants "We love Trump"]
Thank you very much. God bless you all. God bless you. Thank you.
We don't want to get back two then another two and then one and then three, have this process. No, we want them all back and we want the actually 38 dead bodies back too. Those parents came to me and they want them back and they want them back very quickly and very badly. As though they were alive, they want them.
This is the reason she did it, folks. It's to hide your corrupt deals. She's now under criminal investigation that was announced yesterday by the White House. I mean, it's a criminal investigation. The first time ever by the way a president of the United States endorsed somebody under criminal investigation.
But they were making $1 billion a day a year ago, $1 billion a day. We defend Saudi Arabia. We have bases, we have to pay the rent. Why are we paying rent? The rent isn't a big thing but the concept of why are we paying rent? We're defending them. Why are we paying rent? OK. If we left Saudi Arabia, if we left, they would fall.
And, uh, I would've given it to Ben, but Ben said, "I've had it. I want other things to do." But -- And he's gone onto some very important things. But he said, "The best guy is Scott Turner." And I said, "That's okay with me." Right Scott? And he's been fantastic. A friend of mine for a long time, Ambassador to NATO, Matt Whitaker.
And I turned on the water, I thought the pipes were broken. They said no. They call it a restrictor. They have restrictors on the thing, so no water comes out. So I'm standing outside, drip, drip. Can't wash the damn hair. The house, $35 million house, and you can't get it -- you can't take a shower. Honestly, it's a bad way of life.
He did, he ran a really good campaign, I will tell you. It's not easy. They think it's easy doing this stuff, right, it's not easy. But as you know, he left the campaign trail today at 3:00 PM and in so doing he was very gracious and he endorsed me, so I appreciate it, Ron. I appreciate that and I also look forward to working with Ron and everybody else to defeat crooked Joe Biden.
We've done a lot. Right to Try is something we've done a great job -- you people have. You have to see the results on Right to Try. But a person can be terminally ill in the old system, and we could have a drug that we know works but is still going to take another year or two of testing, and we tell the person, "I'm sorry, we can't let you use that drug because it may hurt you." Well, you're going to die within three weeks or four weeks.
Daddy, what happened?" Can you imagine the shock of it? That's just incredible. And this low-life gets out. Gets out. And people all over the world see that, and they say, "What the hell is wrong with the United States of America?" -- when they see that. Last year, more than 80 percent of House Democrats refused to support our heroes -- ICE.
Thank you. Wow. Thank you very much. That was an honor. Really, if you watched him perform, it was like nobody else. He just has a great record in everything he's ever done. So, on behalf of the Trump family, we thank you both very much. Very much. Thank you. Also with us, Iowa attorney general, Brenna Bird, who's a courageous warrior.
Pennsylvania is the state that rang the Liberty Bell, forged the railroads, and put steel into the spine of our country. Generations of Pennsylvania workers manned the furnaces, farmed the fields, and fought the battles that made America into the most powerful and prosperous nation in the history of the world.
I mean, some really bad -- When you look at the traffickers, they traffic and women and drugs and other things, but the traffic and women, the drug dealers always setting records now on the wall because we have 330 miles. We're doing -- we're averaging 10 miles a week and we'll be finished with a wall very soon.
I will go with you to Washington and you can announce the closure of the border. You know, she doesn't need a bill. I didn't have a bill. I said, "We're closing the border." We closed the border. And we had the greatest chart of all time. You want to put up that chart if you can find it? The border chart.
What had been a booming economy in the era of Ronald Reagan changed dramatically and the business landscape changed with it, bank failures, the collapse of the savings and loan industry, the implosion of the retail market, real estate in general was a disaster. Many business people including many of my competitors -- some of my friends -- were not able to survive.
And in conclusion, I just wanna say it's been an honor to be with you. This is incredible. It's cold out here. It's cold. I'd say it's a little cold. But over the years and over the next four years we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end the reliance on China once and for all.
In addition, we must uphold principles that have benefitted all of us, like respect for the rule of law -- (applause) -- individual rights, and freedom of navigation and overflight, including open shipping lanes. Three principles and these principles -- (applause) -- create stability and build trust, security, and prosperity among like-minded nations.
And now, we're respected all over the world. They're coming from all over the world to see your president. They're coming from India. They're coming from France. They're coming from Spain. Yeah, they're coming from China too. Yeah, they're coming from China. They're coming from all over the world to see your president.
They know what to do; they just don't want to do it. If the Democrats have any shred of moral decency on this issue, they must charge -- immediately charge forward and change our laws. They have to end all child smuggling. We have laws -- it would end all of this horrible child smuggling. How do we have thousands upon thousands of children?
We're doing something for those incredible people that we'll be talking about very shortly because we can't let it happen to other people. We can't let what you're going through happen to other families. And you know what you're going through. As we discussed, nobody's ever seen anything like it, all for no reason whatsoever.
Like, I think, around $5 million, right? And a friend of mine, a pretty wealthy guy, he said, "Do you mind if I give a check to the family of Corey?" I said, "You can do that if you want. How much?" He said, "$1 million." And he handed me a check for $1 million. And then they raised another, like, $4 million, and we also gave some or we're going to give some to the two gentlemen that got badly hurt.
So the polls just came out on the debate. And the Drudge poll, 680,000 votes. Drudge, which is an amazing -- he is an amazing guy. And its Donald Trump 51 percent, he won; Carly at 23 percent, who did a good job, by the way; Marco at seven and Ted Cruz at six. The Time magazine poll -- and Time Magazine, I have no influence over Time magazine even though I was on the cover last week, right? [Applause]
We took care of it. And their countries didn't want to take them back. You know that. El Salvador, Honduras, they didn't want to take them back, Mexico. But I said to our people, how much do we give -- like Honduras, El Salvador, how much do we pay these countries? "Sir, the total for the three countries, $750 million a year." That's a lot.
Anybody that says that I said that's the end of his career. Remember, he had the cover of the magazine?  I won't mention the magazine, sleazebag magazine. He was born to be President and right after that he came tumbling down, but he's from Texas. So, he was against religion. He was against oil and he was against guns.
I never even heard of this guy. When my name is mentioned, it's like he's a boiler. He goes crazy. Now, part of the reason is they all said I was never going to run, right? And then I ran. Then they said, "Well, he'll never file Form A." That's basically a single page where you sign your life away. And I went like this, "Let's go." Boom.
Get out and vote. But they even want to try and rig the election at the polling booths where so many cities are corrupt. And you see that. And voter fraud is all too common. And then they criticize us for saying that. And we have even Republicans, Oh
It was a rigged election. The votes came in. Then they added a lot of votes to it. You saw it. it was a totally rigged election. They know it, too. The only thing they don't want, they don't want people talking about that election, even Fox. Fox is afraid to talk about it. They're all afraid to talk about it. They don't mind going after the people looking into the rigging and knowing what happened.
But we'll take the Bernie Sanders voters because my trade policies are much tougher and much stronger and much better than his, and we're going to have a lot of trade, but it's going to be a two-way highway, not a one-way road out, believe me. [Applause]
Our country will be powered by growth. We'll pay off our debt. We'll have all this income coming in. If people want to take advantage of our country, they have to pay to take advantage of our country. I will also restore peace through strength. And with the return of global stability will come the return of economic stability.
I remember watching one, and we were starting to do really well. In that last two weeks I had crowds like this everywhere, we had thousands of people outside they couldn't get in. I said, "So why are we going to lose?" Hillary would come in, she'd have 350 people. [Laughter]
Woodward and Bernstein, I'm not a fan of either one, actually. I got to know them, major sleazebags. But Woodward looks like such a wonderful guy. He's absolutely the worst one, sleazebags oh, poor Richard Nixon. He had to put up with them. But I got my own problems with these people. But Woodward's a sleaze.
Good.
I get along great. Mexico, take my hat off to them. If they can get away with it, I think it's great that bringing our companies. China, take my hat off. I'm not angry at Japan. I'm not angry at China. I'm not angry at Mexico. I'm angry at our leaders who are so stupid that they don't know what's going on. They don't know what is going on. Our country is being destroyed.
But the cover of Time magazine is so amazing because it talks about the movement, and it's actually a picture of me talking to a crowd. It's actually a picture of the back of my head. I was very impressed. Fairly okay back there, with the -- you know. Not much of a bald spot, which is OK. But it's a picture of me standing, talking to a very large crowd of people.
She said, I never expect to hear that from you again. She said he's a pussy. That's terrible. Terrible. That's terrible. [Audience Chants "Trump"] Now what kind of people do I have here? OK, why do I -- so do you remember when not so long ago, not so far from here. I had a group of people. We're doing question and answer and somebody came up with a pretty tough statement about Obama and the press got very angry because I didn't defend the President.
We've got to get smart on trade. Now, when I came down the escalator at Trump Tower and I became -- I get -- when all in front of these people. I came down that escalator. Let me just tell you something. It started with trade and it started with the border, and then they had that horrible incident in France, in Paris.
And I know he just spoke, but I'd love to have him come up and say a few additional words. Thank you very much. [Audience chants "Glenn"]
But his people, his soldiers they died for him. They would die for him. But they loved him. But a guy like that today may be not politically correct. I don't know but I want that kind of a guy. That's what we need. That's what we need. I watch some of these guys being interviewed. They're retiring. They always go on the talk shows.
Thank you. [Applause]
My first order is going to be close the border. And they could do that, too. They could do that, too. You know, Biden could do that. Right now, he could get up and say close the border and they do it because the president has that power. He doesn't need bills. They keep talking about bills. The bill they're talking about was the stupidest bill I've ever seen, but they don't need bills.
One of the many people here with us today, who will benefit from this plant, is Celia Griffin. She is a mother of three and a member of the International Union of Operating Engineers, Local 139. Celia, could you come up, tell us what this Foxconn job, this incredible -- this really incredible plant has done for you and for your family? Celia.
You don't look it. [Laughter] He's looking handsome to me, I'll tell you. [Laughter] Thanks, Charles. That's incredible. Like you, all of us today understand the truth. Socialism is not about improving the health of American people; it's about wielding power over the American people, taking things away from the American people.
Phil Ruffin gave a million dollars, from Las Vegas, and Carl gave a half a million dollars. Ike Perlmutter, the great Ike Perlmutter, the head of Marvel. A brilliant man. He and Laurie, his wife, gave one million dollars. And so many others. I mean, we've had such -- we had, in one hour, we raised six million dollars for the vets.
You have no idea how bad it is, and it could be fixed instantaneously by the Democrats sitting down with the Republicans. The Republicans are all in favor of it -- virtually unanimous. I would say "unanimous." We could fix instant- -- we just need a few votes. We don't need many; we need a few. But they don't want to do it. And, you know, one thing I've learned in Washington -- I've heard about it for years: The Democrats have lousy policies and, in many ways, they're lousy politicians, but they stick together better than the Republicans stick together.
[Audience chants "USA"] Well, thank you very much and hello, Pennsylvania, hello. I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible commonwealth with the thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots that I have gotten to know so well. Two months from now, the people of Pennsylvania are going to fire the radical left Democrats, and you are going to elect Doug Mastriano as your next governor.
Products made with American hands, American labor, and American grit will once again be delivered throughout the world. It's true. [Applause] It's time. Instead of exporting our jobs, we will export our goods. [Applause] Our jobs will both stay here in America and come back to America. We'll have it both ways.
Number Six: We Are Going To Suspend The Issuance Of Visas To Any Place Where Adequate Screening Cannot Occur
I'm telling you, Salem has really done a fantastic job. I just want to thank you. You have courage. You have really courage because I know it's not easy. Congratulations. And we will protect God in our public square, which they don't want us to do. I will never allow the big media or left wing pressure groups to silence you, censor you, discriminate against you, or in any way tell you what you have to say.
We're going to fix it. We're going to fix the inner-cities. We will become a rich nation once again. But to be a rich nation we must also be a safe nation. Hillary Clinton wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees [Audience Boos] and that's over and above the thousands and thousands and thousands that are right now pouring into our country under Obama.
But the owners forced them to make part-time -- they have part-time jobs. They work all their life, they have a wonderful company that they're working for, and now all of a sudden they're cut into part-time jobs because of Obamacare. Because of the rulings of Obamacare. And you all know what I'm talking about.
It has an anti-climb provision at the top. I never liked the look of it, to be honest. It has a panel on top. It's called anti-climb. I said, "I'd like to leave it off." Because I'm a very aesthetic person. I said, "It looks better without it." They said, "The difference is they can climb over the wall. The other way, they can't climb it. It's called anti-climb." I said, "All right.
Are you ready for real American change?
Right now, think of this: We owe China $1.3 trillion. We owe Japan more than that. So they come in, they take our jobs, they take our money, and then they loan us back the money, and we pay them in interest, and then the dollar goes up so their deal's even better.
This issue is not a good one for them. But did you see? And then we learned that they're flying them in beautiful, big, fat, beautiful Boeing aircraft, just like that one with more seats actually. I have fewer seats in mine than they do. But they fly them in with beautiful aircraft. They fly them all over the country by the hundreds of thousands.
Oh, okay. Thanks.
Isn't that wonderful? How can this happen? How can we allow it to happen? If Kamala is reelected, your town and every town just like it all across Wisconsin and all across our country, the heartland, the coast, it doesn't matter, will be transformed into a third-world hellhole. That's what's going to happen, 100 percent.
... the best thing she's got going, in my opinion the only thing she's got going, is the rigged media. She's got nothing going.
Even these people back there said, "Look at this. It looks like the Academy Awards there's so many. You ever see this? Is this the Academy Awards you're doing?"
I wanna thank all of those in our Police departments all over the country, in law enforcement generally, for the unbelievable job they do.
This is the state where a small band of patriots at the Battle of Gonzales, armed with a single cannon, stared down a foreign army and declared, "Come and take it," right? Come and take it. Come and take it. Come on. Come and take it. And Texas is the state where generations of farmers and ranchers, sheriffs and lawmen, cowboys, cattle hands, prospectors, pioneers helped build up the greatest nation in the history of the world.
I will fight for and protect your Social Security and Medicare with no cuts whatsoever, and we will have no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. No more tax. [Applause] Yesterday, I made a major new announcement. If I'm elected this November, for the first time ever, your government will pay for or require insurance companies to pay for all costs associated with IVF fertility treatment.
They said, "We would love to give you the soldiers. We would love to, free of charge, sir." They were great. They were great. I really liked the president. He's a socialist. But that's okay. That doesn't make him a bad person. But we have some real bad ones in this country. But it was amazing the job we did.
These are rough people. These are people that have been in jails and prisons. And they're -- again, 13,000 plus murderers have been released into our country. Some with the death penalty already stipulated against them. The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins.
He was a great catcher and a great athlete, a great hitter. Thank you, Mike. It's an honor. Thank you, Mike. We have a lot of great champions that are on this campaign, tremendous champions. Brett Favre was there yesterday. I was in -- Yeah. I was in a place called Green Bay. They like him in Green Bay. And we love Mike.
And you see what's happening all over the country -- it's in Ohio, but it's all over the country -- pouring back, plants and factories, pouring back into our country. They can't come back fast enough. Even if you look, Apple could invest $350 billion. When I heard $350 billion, I said, You must mean $350 million. That's still a big plant.
It's turned out to be right. And today, I'm honored to officially welcome another true American patriot, a 17-year veteran of the Hawaii Army National Guard, a four-term Democrat congresswoman, very, very popular, the former vice chair of the National Democratic Party and a 2020 Democrat candidate for the United States presidency.
I'm going to fight for every American in every part of this nation. I'm going to fight to liberate our citizens from violence and poverty and fear, and the pain of having your voice ignored by your government for so, so long. I going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the people, not the donors and not the special interests. [Applause]
We'll bring back the auto industry greater than it has ever been. I'm not saying a little bit. We're going to bring them back. And if they don't want to build their plant here, you know what they're going to do? They're not going to sell cars here. China will not be building those massive plants in Mexico.
It's the powerful protecting the powerful, the insiders fighting for the insiders. I am fighting for you. [Applause]
Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens. And the Republican Party will always stand proudly with the heroes -- that's what they are -- heroes of ICE, Border Patrol, and law enforcement. And I saw that yesterday in Pittsburgh. And, yes, we will finish the wall.
We had 25,000 people that wanted to go. So I went there, and they thought that I'd canceled. You know, for 250 people, because we're drawing 25, 30, 40,000 people to every rally. So they figured, I guess, they said, "No, we're not gonna cancel our Minnesota." Minnesota hasn't been won by a Republican since 1972, and we're gonna win Minnesota because of that.
We will never let them rip America's heroes from our monuments, or from our hearts. By tearing down Washington and Jefferson, these radicals would tear down the very heritage for which men gave their lives to win the Civil War; they would erase the memory that inspired those soldiers to go to their deaths, singing these words of the Battle Hymn of the Republic: "As He died to make men Holy, let us die to make men free, while God is marching on." [Applause]
I won't even say it. I won't even say it. But the rhetoric was brutal. But ultimately, it was all very important to get this to a point where now we really have a relationship. Now -- and again, who knows? But I think it's working out really well. And before I got there, you were in trouble. This was going to be a big war, millions of people killed.
This is your home. This is your heritage. And our magnificent American Liberty is your God given right. The citizens of the United States of America will not be dictated to and talked down to by incompetent politicians, corrupt tyrants, left-wing bullies, or socialist bureaucrats in Washington, DC, a place that I got to know very, very well.
They get rich, but they don't let the people have any of it. And then of course, there's the key difference at the root of it all. While the Arab states have focused on becoming pillars of regional stability and world commerce, Iran's leaders have focused on stealing their people's wealth to fund terror and bloodshed abroad.
We're much less likely to have to use it because right now with we have things -- the hydrosonic missiles, super, I call them the super-duper missiles, they go seven times the speed of a normal, quick missile. I mean these things are amazing, and you know Russia took things that we had during the Obama administration from our great scientists and engineers, and they built, they have hydrosonic, but we have hydrosonic now that they're the fastest in the world.
You know we got nothing, we got nothing, we got a bad deal, that's all we got, but we ended the deal. And when they signed that deal they were screaming death to America. You remember? Death to America. How do you sign a deal when they're screaming death to America? They don't talk that way, anymore, they're not talking that way anymore. They better not be talking that way.
In Hillary Clinton's America, we have surrendered our status as the world's great economy and we have surrendered our middle class to the whims of foreign countries. We take care of them better than we take care of ourselves. Not one single idea she's got will create one net American job or create one new dollar of American wealth for our workers.
I'm announcing today that when I return to the White House, I will end the anti-American energy crusade and terminate Kamala's so-called power plant rule. It's a disaster for our country. Our country will have no jobs by the time these communists and Marxists get rid of -- I mean, when they destroy the country.
Now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of North Carolina. This is the most important election in the history of our country and I wouldn't say that lightly and frankly, I thought the last one was -- and I said it, but they've gone to a level that nobody even thought possible.
You know, I started that. They said that'll never work. Oh, it worked. You know, we were way behind Russia and China. And now we're way, way ahead of everybody. So Space Force, I'm very happy. That was my -- you know, not since the Air Force has that happened. So we created a force and it's a big force and it's a brilliant force.
We had all of the hoaxes. The American people are sick of this entire rotten and wretched political class. Think about it. Other countries, they have a country. We have a country. All they do is try and destroy you. Thank you very much. No, it's true. It's a perfect. That was much better than I was going to come up. Thank you.
They will unilaterally surrender to China. They're already doing it. They're already doing it. And, you know, Hunter made a lot of money in China. What's he gonna do? Sending our factories and our jobs overseas. They will raise your taxes. We lowered your taxes, we gave you the greatest tax, decreased tax cut in the history of our country, and they wanna get rid of that and raise your taxes and raise your regulations.
Dan?
If you want to protect law abiding Americans vote Republican. It's really very simple. This election is about safety and it's about prosperity. Very simple. For years you watched as you let foreign countries plunder our wealth, shutter our factories and steal our jobs but those days folks are over. You can see that.
I had the meeting. We had a great relationship. We had a great chemistry together. The fake news was so upset when I said we had a good relationship. We had a good chemistry. They said, "That's a horrible thing." No, no. It's a good thing. Getting along with countries, getting along with China, getting along with Russia, getting along with these countries is a good thing. It's not a bad thing. Not a bad thing.
And in all fairness, he campaigned harder than crooked Hillary because he had more strength. I mean, I go to these places, you know, Secret Service, they take me. I haven't seen a lobby in three years. It's true. I go through basements, I pass compactor plants, I know more about compactors from this job.
Unbelievable.
We must be able to go to a site and check that site. We have to be able to go into their military bases to see whether or not they're cheating. Now, of course, we're all sure they're not cheating, but just in case. The Iran deal was one of the most embarrassing agreements the United States has ever entered into.
These big energy executives were sitting back and they couldn't get it approved. Nothing they could do, wouldn't get it approved. Your governor was lousy, they were all lousy. Nobody could help. That thing was so dead and I came along and I got it approved and then the consultants probably called up these big energy executive, "Sir, we were able to get it approved for you." I never even saw these people, but I know it was a good thing.
Every single day of my administration, we will stand for law, order, and justice. Just two days ago, the Senate confirmed a supremely qualified nominee who will be a faithful defender of the rule of law -- and will defend the United States Constitution -- the newest Supreme Court Justice, Brett Kavanaugh.
I'm doing this for the people and for the movement, and we will take back this country for you and we will make America great again. [Applause]
We are returning power to you, the American people. That's what this is all been about. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we're going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
This was a scheme of the White House. The Manhattan DA, he took his number one guy, number one guy, and put him into the Manhattan DA's office. Does Matt Gaetz know that? He put his number one guy into the Manhattan DA's office. That's not the Manhattan DA. That's all being run by the Department of Justice for election interference, knock out your political opponent.
The guy has a lot of houses all over the place. They started off with nothing. Then they're worth millions and millions of dollars. The most they ever made was $179,000, and yet they have houses that are worth millions and millions. You know, the beach cottage and the this one and the that one ocean, the nice waves, the nice garage with the Corvette, right?
No President should ever go through what this President went through with this country. They spied at our campaign and they got caught. It was treason at the highest level, let's see what happens. But they spied in our campaign and they got caught. No President should ever have to go through that again.
Hillary Clinton's attacks on you display the same sense of arrogance and entitlement that led her to violate federal law as Secretary of State, hide and delete her emails, destroy her phones with a hammer, put classified information in the reach of our enemies, lie to Congress, and sell government favors and access through the Clinton Foundation.
And while others talk about stopping funding for Hamas and the Palestinian Authority, I actually did it. I stopped, I said, "Wait a minute, you just said death to America, didn't you? You said death." Remember, they came into Washington to meet me. They went back. I thought it was a nice meeting, to be honest.
You know, when you see these young men and in some cases women, no legs, no arms. They get it at 92% of them were from Soleimani and then they started making them. They had great detection. We had these guys great detection, then, all of a sudden, the detection wasn't working because they started making a matter of plastic, instead of metal.
He said, yes, I know. He said, I'm not doing well. I'm not doing well at all. I said, I read that and it's too bad. What went wrong? And I'll never forget the expression of the statement. He said, Donald, I totally lost my momentum. So, the thing you probably never heard. He lost his momentum. He took that time off, he came back and it was a different world, and he lost his momentum.
They have to come in legally and they'll come in legally. We want that, OK. So here's what happens. We tell these companies before they leave, You can have a 35% tax every time you take a vehicle, every time you make a unit. And you know what's going to happen? They're going to call me and I didn't take their money so I couldn't care less.
We've got to get this big, beautiful deal done. We got to get it done. And get it done now. Don't wait two weeks, don't wait two weeks. Bad things happen, crazy things happen in politics. Just get the damn thing done and stop showboating. A couple of people want to, sure, we're going to get a little bit more.
You know, she had a baby like five days ago. So she did a good job. So I should not say, "Ivanka, you're fired," right? I promise. I promise. I promise. [Inaudible] So I love this. You know, somebody else would say, "That's a tough crowd." It is, for the heart. We love this crowd. We love you people. We love you people.
In a few moments, I'll sign an executive order outlining the three pillars of my plan and directing my administration to implement these critical reforms.
NAFTA was such a bad deal. Some people said, oh, please, would you extend NAFTA? I said we have to renegotiate it. It's such a bad deal. And when I was campaigning, I said we'll either terminate it or renegotiate it. I don't care. But so far, it looks like it could happen where we'll renegotiate it.
And as you know, he was assassinated. He was assassinated. We have accomplished so much in just 47 days since the election, but that's only the beginning of what we will achieve together as the 47th president of the United States of America. Over the past few weeks, I've nominated an all-star cabinet of some of the most fearless, determined, and brilliant individuals ever to step forward for public office.
There's our great lieutenant governor, by the way, please. [Applause] Thank you, darling. Thank you. But we will spend our money wisely. With just one negotiation on one set of airplanes, I saved the taxpayers of our country over $700 million. [Applause]
Our new foreign policy will put America first. Hillary brought death and disaster to Iraq, Syria and Libya. She empowered Iran and she unleashed ISIS. You ever notice where she says we will fight ISIS, during the debates? You know, then she walks out, and not good, not good. She left, wasn't good. But she's going to fight ISIS; she's the one that let it start. So ISIS started as nothing, then Obama called it the junior varsity, you remember, and now it's in 32 countries. And she's going to stop it? Next, Hillary wants to start a shooting war in the Syrian conflict with a nuclear-armed opponent named Russia, that could seriously lead over Syria to World War III. And Putin does not like her and she is just not respected.
Nobody else.
You know if you want to go to church, sure if you want to go to church, you can't. If you want to burn down the stores and run down Main Street and knock people over and do whatever you want to do, that's okay because they want to make sure that they can protest. Not with me. Under Biden, there will be no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Easter, no Christmas.
She was going crazy. But we're in very good shape, I have to tell you we're way up in terms of the vote. You know, the Republicans are never up like that. And I don't want to talk too much about it because I really want you to -- I really want you to just assume that it's sort of even, and you're going to turn out tomorrow, and we're going to blow this thing away.
Can you believe this. It's true. Because the voting turnout is massive. It's -- and you know where they are, right? The people coming in, where are they from. They're Democrats, they're independents. And you know, almost, what's to me is the most impressive and I see it when I'm signing or when I'm shaking hands with people.
What the hell, what difference does it make? I just want to thank you. I mean this weather and all that's going on it's amazing to have these kinds of crowds and we'll have it -- Oh, my hair looks good, oh, he's, my friend, he's my friend, yeah, looks good. Yeah, it's so -- and it is my hair actually I have to -- you always know if it's gonna be a wise guy reporter when they say it's not, you know then you... You're off to a bad start. But I will tell you, it is such an honor not only here all over the country, what's going on.
November 5th, 2024, Election Day will be Liberation Day in America. It will be Liberation Day, four days. On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. [Audience responds affirmatively] I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. These towns have been invaded and these towns have been actually conquered.
We won't back down. We won't give in and we will never ever surrender. We will never ever quit. We go forward to victory. Because are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. We are one people, we are one family, and we are one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America wealthy again.
He said, "Sir, don't come up here, sir. You can't win here. You can't win. It's a tough state. Don't come on." Tommy Thompson, right? "Don't come up, sir." And I said, "What do you mean, Tommy?" "Just don't come up. Look, if anything changes, I'll let you know, and you'll come up. But don't waste your time. You have to win other states."
OK. We're going to do two more questions. Two more questions. Let's go. Go ahead. Right here. Right here. UnidentifiedExcuse us. OK.
We've ended catch-and-release, one of the great scams of all time. [Applause] Catch-and-release. We'd catch them and release them. They should say "catch and release into our country" because you catch them, and then you release them, and you weren't allowed to bring them. Now we bring them back. We absolutely bring them back.
We can't be that. We have to be strong. When we see violations, you have to report those violations, and quickly. You don't worry about profiling. I promise I will defend you from profiling. I promise. So when I started this whole quest -- who knew it was going to turn into this. It's been an amazing thing.
We'll take in billions and billions and hundreds of billions of dollars, reciprocal trade. I spoke to a couple of senators, and then it's not their thing, business is not their thing. I described the reciprocal trade. They said, "OK, let me get this straight. So they charge us, right?" "Yeah." "And they charge us, and then we charge them the same thing if they don't take it off?" "Yeah, that's right." "You got my vote." Pretty simple, isn't it? It'll make a difference like you wouldn't believe, and it'll also bring back a lot of money into our country, a lot of jobs back into our country, but we'll also probably be putting a border tax.
It's a widely known fact that the voting rolls are packed with people who are not lawfully eligible to vote, including those who are deceased, have moved out of their state and even are non-citizens of our country. Beyond this, the records are riddled with errors, wrong addresses, duplicate entries and many other issues.
Before NAFTA went into effect -- by the way, NAFTA, a total disaster -- there were 280,000 autoworkers in Michigan. Today, that number is roughly 165,000 -- and would have been heading down big league if I didn't get elected, I will tell you that right now. That I can tell you. [Applause] Plenty of things were stopped in their tracks. They were stopped in their tracks. A lot of bad things were going to happen. A lot of places were going to get built that aren't going to get built right now in other locations.
That's right, so why would you -- why would we lose? And just don't be complacent, OK? Don't be. And then what happens, you go on -- and what happens often -- so they lose the midterm and then they go on to crush in 2020 in the next presidential. I want to win this and then I'll win that. Tonight we're thrilled to be joined by several really terrific Arizona Republicans, including Representatives Debbie Lesko -- Debbie?
And it may be the last time you ever see them. We're not going to let that happen anymore in this country. Our enemies are laughing at her. If we win, America will be feared and respected again. On issue after issue, Kamala broke it, and I will fix it, and I'll fix it quickly. On top of it all, Kamala says she would not do one thing differently from Joe Biden, which in itself is disqualifying. Take a look.
They've never seen it before. All -- every time. Look at this, I mean on a Saturday morning, look at all these people filling up a convention center. So here's what's gonna happen. We don't win anymore. We don't win anymore. We don't win with our military. We can't beat ISIS. By the way, we're gonna knock the hell out of them.
And by the way, you know, for years, they knocked the word -- the word tariff, properly used, is a beautiful word, one of the most beautiful words I've ever heard. It's music to my ears. A lot of bad people didn't like that word, but now they're finding out I was right. And we will take in hundreds of billions of dollars into our treasury and use that money to benefit the American citizens.
They didn't know what the hell they were doing and the guy admitted it. That guy could not be very popular in Democrat politics right there. But just remember -- and he's telling us how to do things. We're building ventilators, we're the ventilator capital of the world, think of it. We're sending them to other countries.
Now, if you look at our education, we pay more per pupil than any country in the world by three times. And yet we're at the bottom of the list. We have a very bad. If a place like Iowa, as an example, if you could run your own and we give you just a percentage of the money because you wouldn't need nearly the money that they waste in Washington.
He's great, great guy. He's a socialist. But what the hell can you do? You got to -- you can't have them all, right? But he's a great guy. He sent his top representative. Came in very handsome, suave guy, beautifully dressed. I remember how good, I was going to ask him for his tailor, but I didn't feel like going to Mexico to get a suit.
That's what's happening in all of these Democrat-run cities and, I would say, just about all of them. Much of the crime wave is caused by drug dealers who, during the course of their lives, will kill an average of 500 American citizens. I am calling for the death penalty for drug dealers and human traffickers, which will, upon its passage, reduce -- it will reduce drug distribution and crime by, in my opinion, more than 75% on the first day.
They don't want to see our force again. The very best of the very best: the Navy SEALs. It was the SEALs who delivered vengeance on the terrorist who planned the September 11th attack on our homeland. It was the SEALs who stand ready to bring righteous retribution -- in mountain, jungle, desert -- to those who do us harm.
Let's sell them in the United States." That's the way, but I'm not sure this country is ready for it. They should be ready for it because they're destroying our country. They're ruining families. Many people in this room I'm sure have been greatly affected by drug-addicted kids who that would have never happened if you didn't have these drugs pouring in, usually mostly over the southern border.
We have a lot of good ones, they're very good. But I saw, I saw George Slop-anopoulos, the, the level of hatred. The guy's just there answering questions. The, the level of hatred. I said to him, "George, I've had you up to here." I've had him up to there. But he is, the level of anger and hatred, and I said, "What the hell?" We wanna have a country with low taxes, great education.
We're winning with old, we're winning with young. We're winning with highly educated. We're -- well, right? We're winning with the little bit less than highly educated, which is OK. I love you. And we're winning with the veterans. I love the veterans. We're winning with the military. In other words, we're winning with everybody.
But this is why we have to send a signal, and why you have to make Tate Reeves your great new republic -- right? Republican Governor, right? Tate, he's a great guy too. And all I know is he's loved and respected by your current Governor because Phil is some piece of work. You know Phil is so confident. I wanted Phil to run for a certain office then I wanted him to do something -- I've tried to get him, but you know, some guys are confident.
And he didn't know that Europe gets his money back. They did it in the form of a loan. We don't get our money back. We get nothing. So we're getting our money back. We're going to get our money back because it's not fair. It's just not fair. And we will see, but I think we're pretty close to a deal and we better be close to a deal because that has been a horrible situation.
Very simple. And these losing candidates are not going anywhere. These debates, that was the lowest-rated debate in history. You know that, lowest-rated presidential debate. Nobody watched. Every dollar these losing candidates spend against me is a dollar donated to the campaign of Crooked Joe Biden. You know, they're spending all this money, and the RNC has to stop this nonsense.
We love Hispanic. Hispanics are gonna -- you have to see the polls. I won in Nevada. They take a poll of the Hispanics leaving. Trump wins the poll. Everyone's surprised. I said, I'm not surprised because I produce jobs. What we need are jobs, and that's what we need. So I'm not surprised. But folks, we have -- and you're gonna hear this from me more and more.
My goal is to establish a foreign policy that will endure for several generations.
America needs a change.
But amazing to see this -- the love and the respect. Thousands of policemen and women went up to that funeral parlor. The lines were so long. I was driving for blocks and blocks. When I was leaving, I made a turn, and I was driving for blocks before that line ended. It was a really amazing thing to watch, but an incredible family.
For drilling. So, what do they do? What do they do? We say drilling and the border. Then I go, "And then after that, I'm not going to be a dictator. One day." So, they have me on the news all over the place, "I'm going to be a dictator," cut. Did you see that? [Audience responds "Yeah"]
Let me just say the - having a good time. Let me just say the other thing I got criticized last night. Other thing I got criticized last night. Other thing I got criticized last night, I thought it was really one of the - I thought it was really one of the - I thought it was really one of the better speeches.
We're going to be attacking Mosul because we think ISIL leaders are in Mosul, and if we attack them, we will capture those leaders. It's four months, right? Go. I said, why are they saying this? These leaders -- I mean, look, let's face it, they're pretty smart people, right? So I said, why are they saying this? Whatever happened to the element of surprise? Why are they saying this? And then three months go, and then two months -- and then I hear, in two months, now it's one month. And finally about a week, two weeks ago, I heard next week at about 3:15 we're going to start the attack. [Laughter]
Every week they get another subpoena from the Democrats, crazy Nancy Pelosi, the whole thing, just boom, boom, boom. [Audience boos]
It's beautiful. It's so great. We also passed Veterans Choice, giving our veterans the right to see a private doctor... see a private doctor instead of waiting in line. I mean, we had people waiting for three weeks, two weeks, 12 days, nine weeks. We had people that were not very sick. It took them so long to see the private doctor, to see a doctor, a veterans doctor -- and they're good doctors.
I said, "You just set the record. You're the longest-serving governor in the history of the country, not just of the state but of all states." 24 years or something like that. I said, "You've broken the record. How about doing the following? Why don't you become ambassador to China? You'll be friendly with President Xi. That makes sense to me and all that." And he did a very good job.
And what do we have? And then I fear -- then I hear that Mr. Trump said a horrible thing because he's not going by the law and the law doesn't allow because of Obama. He brought it up one step higher, doesn't allow waterboarding anymore, right? So I said, no, no. I want to obey the laws. We have to obey the laws.
We have to know who won. We have to know who won. They tell you the police officers are villains. This is the group, and they're heroes. No. They even tell you that your children must be indoctrinated to believe that the heroes who crossed the Delaware were driven by hatred and malice. They change your history.
And some people was -- I was watching that fake news, CNN. They're right there. Look. The camera just went off. The light just went off, the red light. Put it back on. So, now I'm watching fake news. And the announcer, the person, Fake Tapper, I think it was, said, "Oh, no. He did it again," meaning me. Because if he's got them, they're not going to do anything about it. But if I've got them, they want to, you know, they want to bring back the death penalty, bring back the electric chair out of retirement.
We would have had such dignity, not embarrassment. Most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done.
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen, and especially, the great ladies and gentlemen of Iowa, the best is yet to come. Because together, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America Great Again. Thank you, Iowa. Thank you.
What a great turnout. You've got the same number of people outside, but they have a screen. That's not as good as what you are. At the end of the speech, I'll be taking some questions. This is different than Joe Biden. He doesn't take any questions and he doesn't make any speeches. Let me also thank members of Congress that are here.
That's right. We saved the Netherlands. Every inch of this base is steeped in the legacy of those warriors who have said with pride, sir, I trained at Fort Bragg, sir. That was pretty cool, and that is why we restored the historic name of this very, very special place. I don't know if it could be the same place.
Ending the theft of American jobs will give us the resources we need to rebuild our military and regain our financial independence and strength.
So all of this and the pain that the Democrats have caused during this reckless and completely unnecessary affair, and you could call it the Schumer shutdown, or the Democrat shutdown, you can call it whatever you want. And I will say this, that we have Darth Vader, you know Darth Vader, right? Darth Vader is a man who I think is sitting right -- is Darth -- Stand up, please, Darth Vader.
And foreign nations will respect us again. I got along great with foreign nations, and I taxed the hell out of them. And they liked me. Maybe they respected me. And Viktor Orban, a very strong man, he's the prime minister of Hungary. He said, "The only thing missing from the world right now is President Trump. He kept the world safe because everybody was afraid of him."
She shouldn't be. But the Democrats are protecting her. She's being fully protected, as the expression goes. And by the way, we can't tell any more jokes. You know, every time I kid and tell jokes, these guys put on like, you know, a little segment. Like the belt, right, the belt. You know what I'm talking -- I told you about Carson and how it doesn't work that way if you hit.
You're great. Keep it going. Got a lot of courage, that one. I spoke with Jim Jordan. I said, "You know, Jim, I'd like to invite this gentleman up because you don't hear as much about him, but he is a hero and he's one of yours." What he's doing in Congress now for exposing horrible, horrible untruths and really statements that were said about all of us. I just think he's doing such an incredible job.
Early voting is underway, so make sure to get out and vote, right? Who's voted? Who has voted? [Applause]
Better -- better -- he's got better. But if -- if we had a couple of people in that room -- if we had a couple of people -- as an example, the worst -- quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet. Let him come on, quiet. Get out. Get him out. Get him out. Get him out. Thank you. Thank you. That's OK. I -- it's sort of crazy, right?
There's nobody that tells them this. When they come over, President Obama, they put a tent on the White House lawn, right, and they give them a steak dinner like you've never seen before. Although I would have a ballroom. I offered to build a ballroom, you know -- they turned it down. I was going to put up $100 million to build a ballroom at the White House, because having a tent is not that good. It's not even that safe, a canvas tent. And they never even got back to me. That's the way it is.
And how can you be a friend when you take many many millions, tens of millions of dollars, $25 million from one country they think. And how can you be a friend when these countries are oppressive to LGBT when they're oppressive to everybody. How can you be a friend? How can you be a friend to women when you take that kind of money from people that enslave women.
Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman," sighed the vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk. She hurried home from work that night. And as soon as she arrived, she found the pretty snake she'd taken in had been revived. "Take me in, oh, tender woman.
First in trade. First in every deal, every decision, and every action we take with incredible enforceability. As we move on to phase two, I look forward to continuing to forge a future of greater harmony, prosperity, and, really, commerce -- commerce and -- far beyond commerce, between the United States and China.
Wow. That's really nice. I appreciate it. I've done a lot for religion. I'll tell you. They don't want religion in our country, all right. I used to say that. I used to say, "He's not for religion. He's not for God." Remember they said it's going to be very close in Texas? And I said, "Wait a minute. He's against oil, guns, and God." And I won in a landslide, but they do that, they do that.
But now we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years, and where the stock market finished the worst first half of the year since 1872. Likewise, we are a nation that has the highest energy cost in its history. We are no longer energy independent or energy dominant as we were just two short years ago.
And these people chop off heads. They must think we are the dumbest and the weakest and the stupidest people on earth on Earth, on Earth, on Earth. You know I read a story, it's a terrible story but I'll tell you. Should I tell you or should I not? [Audience yells "Yeah"] Early in the century, last century, General Pershing.
They'll say, "He's cognitively impaired." No, it's true. Watch. That'll be all over television. Sarcasm for me is the worst thing possible because when I'm being sarcastic or say something kiddingly -- like even the other night, I was talking about how much we won by a certain election a few years ago, and I jokingly said, "They won by just a little smidgen."
But I had the most beautiful applause from Don and Eric and Melania in the front row. That's about it even though I won. But I -- but I understood. So you have to understand what's going on. A lot of times you think that the politicians are doing horrible, horrible deals and they are horrible. But you think that they're really, really not smart people.
And it already is destroying our country. We just can't let that happen. We cannot let that happen. So, here's my only purpose in even being here today: Get out and vote. You know that. [Applause] I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. That's what you are.
And my second is going to be -- we're going to close the border immediately and have people come into our country, but legally. And my third will be drill, baby, drill. You know, it's like not too complicated. But those -- that call, that series of calls I think is going to be very important. That war, millions of people are being killed.
And we had ten thousand, twenty thousand, thirty thousand people. There was never an empty seat, just like tonight.
And you know, we got nothing, we got nothing. In fact that agreement's almost going to expire if we didn't terminate it, which we did. I kept my promise, recognize the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, 52 years they were working for. 52 years they'd come in every year, they'd fly in with those beautiful jets, and everybody would come in and they'd have lunch and they'd talk two or three days, then they'd leave. 52 years that went on, I did it in about two hours.
And thank you very much. And your daughter is a winner also. Just like everybody out there, real winner. Thank you. Thank you. I also want to thank your [Inaudible] General RJ Garcia, Secretary of the Army, Dan Driscoll, Army Chief of Staff, General Randy George, Senator Ashley Moody, Representatives Steve Womack, Bill Huizenga, Pat Ryan, Mark Green, Keith Self.
So it's a complete miscarriage of justice and election interference. And what they're trying to do is they're trying to damage your name and your reputation. But I can explain it to people. And when I explain it, people say, "Wow." But here's a case where they said I went in with statements that were inflated, which by the way, every developer does, just so you understand that.
And after seven stories, I said, first lady, this is getting a little embarrassing and they never mentioned it nor did any other of the newscasts. Fake CNN didn't mention it, MSDNC didn't mention it, [Audience Boos] ABC, CBS, nobody mentioned it. So I was very embarrassed. Three days later, I got nominated again, right?
They're energized about that, they're energized about the way justice, as you know Kavanaugh. Just as Kavanaugh was treated, they're energized when they saw the way he was -- Brett Kavanaugh -- when they saw the way he was treated, they're energized about a lot of things. They want to see us be a great, respected country.
So he said, well, is there any way -- I said Honestly, I really, if I did terribly, and if I -- and all of a sudden next day headlines, Trump may get out. You know in other words, he may, I said I didn't say that. I said in fact, my wife said I'm not going anywhere. You better believe it. He knows, he knows Trump.
I didn't know Rush, I mean, maybe I met him once, twice for two seconds, and he became an instant fan of Trump and he was for a long time before I even got to know him and he's been so important. You know, he's the king. 39 million listeners, there's nobody like him. Try sitting down for what is it three hours and talking, just talking with everyone, like 39 million people often.
You know why? Because I moved that name over to Joe. I thought it was more accurate, but we just won it all. And they said, "You read that story, Time Magazine, cover of Time magazine." They couldn't help themselves and look what's happened to our country. We wouldn't have inflation. We wouldn't have had the Israel disaster.
Then, we have one that at least a few of you will like. It's called the Repeal and Replace Obamacare Act. [Applause]
They don't have the guts. But, but we had these, these great things. I mean it was still like a great experience. And then we go to New Hampshire. Now we're here and we're going to do things that haven't been done. We're going to put drugs out to bid folks. And we're going to save $300 billion a year, OK. And when Woody Johnson calls me up, I don't care.
That we should censor our vocabulary and never say these certain words. Refusing to say the words radical Islam has not saved a single life and never will. Our President doesn't say the words and look what's happening here and all over the world. They refuse to say the words, we're presiding over something that the world has not seen, the level of evil is unbelievable.
States want to revote. The states got defrauded, They were given false information. They voted on it. Now they want to recertify. They want it back. All Vice President Pence has to do is send it back to the states to recertify and we become president and you are the happiest people. And I actually -- I just spoke to Mike.
And what the lawyers do is they're doing it to the Supreme Court justices hoping that they'll be overcome by the horrible things they say about them. They say things about Supreme Court justices and judges that are just horrible. They're playing the referee. Remember the way they treated Justice Thomas and Justice Alito and Justice Kavanaugh, Justice Gorsuch.
The MyPillow guy. Thank you. And he's been with us right from the beginning. Along with a lot of other folks, actually. We've had a great journey together, and we are making progress like nobody thought possible.
Europe is essentially the size of us. If you add all the countries together, it's basically the size of the United States. So if you look at it, Europe, so they're at $25 billion and we're $200 billion. Only a stupid person would make that deal. Why would they do that? I did that with NATO too. Do you remember?
You know, he has other people do it, I imagine. But they may actually be charging Hunter Biden with very minor charges relative to crimes committed, and that's really up to them. But are they actually doing this charade to continue targeting me and our movement? It sounds to me like they're doing it so they can say, well, you know, we're treating everyone fairly.
We passed VA Choice for our Veterans and VA accountability for our Veterans, nobody thought that could happen 42 years. And we took over 100% of the Isis Caliphate. When I came in it was mess, they were all over the place. We took over 100% and we killed the leader of Isis and founder of Isis, al-Baghdadi, they were after him for 15 years.
You don't have the death tax anymore. Got rid of that. Steve Daines helped a lot. They all helped. Steve Daines -- good guy. Saw him speaking up here before. I saw him speaking. That guy is terrific. Hello, folks. So you don't have -- think of that. Think -- think of what that means, though, seriously. Now, if you love your children, you can leave that farm, or the ranch, or your logging equipment, your logging stuff, your trees -- you can leave whatever the hell you want, if you like them.
You know, I was here with a great group. Just the other night, I was -- I was in Penn State territory, and we -- and we had a packed room. We had a packed -- not room, it was a stadium, the place. You know, I always go -- I always like to say when I come to the arenas, "How many times could we have sold it out?" In -- in -- if you look at where we were in Wisconsin, Milwaukee, we had a brand-new, gorgeous, big arena.
I mean, the whole thing. But I said, "You know, if you were Winston Churchill and you make a mistake as to location, I'm here with you." And if I say it's great to be in the great state of Illinois -- it could happen. No matter how great your speech is, you could make the greatest speech in history, and people will go, "That was a disaster."
So he'd be injured. I said, what happened? I broke my shoulder. How do you break your shoulder? Are you a football player? He goes, no, no I strip -- I slipped. I went down the stairs. So he's in the hospital and he's recovering in Long Island, and he comes back and he's being driven back -- and again, he's always injured.
Your company deals are like little deals by comparison. We have -- it's true. You take some of these big companies and you look at some of these trade deals, hate to say it, but your companies are peanuts. But we're going to use our best. Right now, we have political hacks negotiating the biggest most important deals in the world.
Philadelphia has a poverty rate more than double the national average. The city has had a Democrat mayor every year since 1952. 20 out of 20 most dangerous cities in America last year were run by Democrats. I'd say that's not too good. Nationwide, 58% of murder victims under the age of 22 are African-American.
It wouldn't have happened. And guess what? It didn't happen. And you know what else wouldn't have happened? The attack on Israel wouldn't have happened and inflation wouldn't have happened. They're weaponizing law enforcement for high level election interference, because we're beating them so badly in the polls.
We want people to build plants in the United States, employ our people. That's what we want. And if you do that, it's a whole different story. And ideally, they'll build it right here in Detroit, and we'll get Detroit moving. And others -- and others will come also. So, vote Trump, and you will see a mass exodus of manufacturing jobs from Mexico to Michigan, from Shanghai to Sterling Heights, and from Beijing to right here in Detroit and other cities all across America because a strong auto industry will make all of Detroit richer, boosting suppliers, real estate, and your entire economy.
Remember, during the debate, Chris Wallace? How's he doing, by the way? Chris Wallace was -- and I said, "Why are you getting $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife?" And Biden couldn't answer the question, but Chris Wallace came in and helped him. "You're not allowed to ask that question." Why not?
We are going to have, I'm telling you, mark it down. And if I'm wrong, you'll say I was wrong. I'll say sorry about that, but -- We're going to have a great year. We're going to have a great everything. Our country is doing great. Our military has never been stronger. We've taken out so many bad ones and hopefully it's so strong that will never have to use it.
And they said, he was the number one trending story. I called my wife. I said how good was that speech? I thought it was a -- hey, look, I will tell you when I make good ones and bad ones. Like so far tonight, I'm average, OK? But we're having fun. We're having fun. So far, tonight. But I call my wife and I said, how good was it, darling?
So, you are witnessing the economic oppression of Americans to reward and enrich illegal aliens. But all of that stops two weeks from now. For four straight years, Kamala Harris has imported an army of illegal alien, gang members, and migrant criminals from prisons and jails and sane asylums and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo.
That's true, fellas. Thank you. On every one of those. On every one of them, what I just said, every one of them, that group of congressmen, they are incredible. Thank you, fellas. Thank you. We secured $700 billion and $716 billion to fully rebuild the United States military. And we gave our great warriors their largest pay raise in more than a decade.
And now you go, and if you have to wait on line for more than a day, you go to a private doctor. You pick the private doctor, and they take care of you when you live. And believe it or not, not that this was why I did it, because it wasn't, but you save a lot of money. It's actually a lot cheaper than letting somebody get sicker and sicker and just end up dying a horrible death.
Border Patrol, great people, have seized the largest amount of deadly narcotics ever recorded in the history of our country this year. And we've deported record numbers of gang members, including the worst gang of all, MS-13. Thousands and thousands of people have been thrown the hell out of our country, and we've done more to secure the border than any administration in history.
This is, I tell you the polls because I don't want you wasting your time. Because if we weren't it's like not as exciting, right? And everybody -- every one of my competitors say I shouldn't mention the polls but that's because I'm in first place. From the day we started virtually, we'd been in first place.
We will abolish all COVID mandates and lockdowns and rehire every patriot who was fired from the military with an apology and back pay. We will defend our constitution. We will defend the Second Amendment, and we will proudly uphold the Judeo-Christian values and principles of our nation's founding. We will restore patriotic education to our schools, and we will teach our children to love their country, honor their history, and to always respect our great American flag, always.
Nobody noticed it. I noticed it. The flairer, do you remember he was flailing all over the place? I said why is this guy hot? John Cornyn is going to win so easily, just like Ted Cruz won. He's going to win, no matter what happens, but John Cornyn is not talking about Bado anymore, because Bado in a few Short weeks, got rid of guns and got rid of religion.
It's gonna be a big story. There'll be two people left and they'll be the two poorest ones. But, but it will be the wealthiest and most powerful group of nations. So the group that we have assembled that's waiting for us is the wealthiest and most powerful group ever assembled at one time. There has never been a group like this.
And when I said, undo it
We're going to do that. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We're going to stop those criminals from coming in. We're being invaded, and we're going to stop it. And we will not be invaded, and we will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. They are conquering.
Big things will be happening on trade with other countries over the coming months, and I mean very big. We're also working with Congress on tax reform and simplification, and we're on time if we get that healthcare approval. So press every one of your congressmen, press everybody, because we want to get that approval. And it just makes the tax reform easier and it makes it better. But it's going to make it steeper, it's going to be bigger, and that's what we want to do.
But the people said to me, very innocent people, they were great. But I hadn't met them. I said why didn't you -- they -- they filled up a 7,000 seat arena, walked away thousands of people, like over 20. and we would have filled -- and I said why didn't you use the bigger arena?
No, I did a great thing. That was like throwing a rock at a hornet's nest. Did that place explode? And then, we learned about Lisa Page and her wonderful lover, Peter Strzok. I love you, Lisa. I love you more than anybody in the world. I love you more than anybody in the world. Causes problems with the wife, but we won't talk about that.
So you just can't do it. All it is is a magnet. Please come in. So we're sorry, but we will decimate Medicare and destroy your Social Security and destroy your country. While I'm President, no one will touch your Medicare or your Social Security. To reduce the price of prescription drugs, as you probably have heard, and it's not pleasant for me.
That people die literally because it's so much work. They die from overwork, it's -- it's just crazy. In theory, they could keep him out for a long time, but the work and the dialysis, and all of the things you have to do, and we've done things that make it so much easier and it's just such an honor to be involved and also Alzheimer's disease.
And she's very, very smart and she's got a big heart. I will tell you, she's got a great heart. But I love my protesters because I'll go home and I'll see Melania say, how did you like the crowd? Didn't see the crowd. What do you mean you didn't see it? I Heard it. You know, when you hear this crowd, you know there's a lot of people.
One after the other, I called my people, Secretary Alex Azar, fantastic. I said, I've got to call these people. I called the head of Pfizer. I called some of the others. And that's when I realized this is a very powerful office. They had raised them. They had announced the raise of price. And they said, sir, we will immediately drop the price down to where it was.
When you think about it, right? We've added nearly a half a million new manufacturing jobs. Remember, "You need a magic wand. You'll never do that." I said, "What happens? We don't build anything anymore?" And we have companies pouring into our country and they're coming to Minnesota. They're coming to a lot of states.
And they will take it over and they will continue to laugh at how stupid our country and how stupid our leaders are. But it won't happen if I'm the leader. It won't happen. And remember the little -- Look, look, look. I love China, China is great. I love Mexico, it's all great. Their leaders are too smart for our leaders.
Because it's a tremendous win for Florida farmers and all farmers, for growers and ranchers, from all over our country. Yet, she and the Democrats, they just have done nothing. They're doing nothing, folks. They're doing nothing, it's a terrible thing, it's a terrible thing. So, Congresswoman Mucarsel-Powell, where is she?
We'll make our medical supplies right here in the United States and right here in the great state of Wisconsin. We will rapidly return to full employment. It's happening very fast. Soaring economies and the record prosperity will be even greater than it was last year. We will hire more police, increase penalties on assaults of law enforcement, surged federal prosecutors into high-crime communities, and we will ban sanctuary cities which are deadly.
And she turned down your governor -- by the way, just so you understand -- I know some of you probably like him. I don't think he's a good person. [Audience boos]
But that's not the way. I was in China. And I met with President Xi, and I said to him, he thought, probably somewhat naively, I was a little bit embarrassed, 1.5 billion people. He's president for life, just got president for life. I called him the king. I said, "King, what do you think?" "No, I am not the king.
We're going to do one in 10 this time, which will soon put many thousands of dollars back into your pockets, in the pockets of American families. As a result of the reforms, we've just begun to implement economic confidence, and it's soaring. So, this week, Oracle, OpenAI, and SoftBank announced Stargate, a $500 billion investment in AI infrastructure, which is going to be very big for Nevada, I have to tell you, the largest in history, and which will create an estimated 100,000 American jobs.
Yes, go ahead.
We have enough, we have enough, we have enough -- we have to, we need people of extraordinary competence and we have them in our country. We have them in this room. We have people that are negotiating trade deals with us and for us that are political hacks. They're ambassadors. They're nice people. Some are nice people but they're not talented at what they do. I have the greatest business minds in the world because we have them in this country.
Great to have. We want the real players, right? We don't want the consultants. We don't want the guys that he hires. We want him. So Harold, great that you're here. I didn't know you'd be here. I appreciate it. And your speech was terrific, by the way. We also have and I think very important, Jeff Sessions, who may or may not be here still.
And when they do talk about it correctly, it's an issue that really can be positive because we do have to hold onto office. We do have to win, and we can win elections on this issue, but it's very delicate, and explaining it properly is an extremely important thing. You have to be able to speak and explain it properly.
He did a great job, didn't he? One of the worst presidents in our history, whether you like him or not, whether you like a Republican or not, he got us into the Middle East. He should be ashamed of himself for what he did. And he never got us out and neither did Obama get us out. But I got you out with the support of all of these patriots.
If you're in a private deal and Mrs. Smith is suing you and they want your records and your e-mails and everything. And you say, well, I don't want to give. But you know, you have a court order. That's just a court. This isn't a congressional. It's a court order. You have to give him. Now here's what happens if you don't give him, if you get rid of him, meaning delete him and do what she did.
Because if they go three down, two down, four, even five -- " I said, "Make it five." He said, "No, no good. Because that means you have a chance. That might even bring people out. They want to make it so bad." And they said, "No, they're very smart people. They're very vicious people. And they purposely make these polls phony." They're phony polls.
Oh, wow. Why don't you just fold them up and take them home? Oh, those cameras are going off. Wow.
We are living through the single-greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. Look at what's happened to not only Ohio, everybody, everything, our country. Ohio has lost one in four manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported strongly by his lovely wife, Hillary. [Booing]
We're going to create jobs for all of our people. And we're going to fight to ensure that every young African-American and Latino job is put on the ladder of American success.
But day after day, we're exposing the depravity, dishonesty, and sickness of the corrupt Washington Establishment, and let me tell you, they're rough, they're dirty players. They come at you from every side, they're coming at me from New York, they're coming at me from New Jersey, they're coming at me from every Democratic State like nobody's ever seen.
But we have a lot of unproductive people that are bad people and we've got to get them the hell out we have to -- You know, I heard Jeb Bush the other day and he was talking about people that come into this country illegally, they do it for love. And I said, Say it again I didn't get -- that's one I've never heard of before.
Some people like it, some people don't. But he says, "I get into an electric car. It's all charged up. After 10 minutes, the only thing I'm thinking about is where am I getting my next charge." It's very interesting. But if you want to go into a great industry, if Biden's plan ever went through, which it won't, I don't even believe it could, but if it ever went through, if you want to get into a great business, all the men -- we got great business people sitting up here.
Deputy Attorney General, Todd Blanch, and Principal Associate Deputy Attorney, Emil Bove. And thank you both very much. Great people. They're great people. The chief of staff who's so highly respected, Chad Mizelle. Thank you, Chad. Chad? Thank you, Chad. Our next administrator of the DEA, Terry Cole. Terry?
She doesn't look presidential to me. Hillary also had reason to hide her foreign policy disasters and those decisions that went into them. Her push for regime change in Libya, Egypt, and Syria has been a total and complete disaster. Her Iraq policy has been catastrophic. She's unleashed ISIS across the Middle East with her bad decisions and her bad judgment.
So we had a perfect call. It was congenial. It was just absolutely nice. Totally different than the phony thing that he revealed with this crazy whistleblower. The whistleblower said "quid pro quo" eight times. It was a little off -- no times. [Inaudible] And when you hear Schiff -- "We won't give you that money unless you do this." It had nothing to do -- it wasn't even discussed.
What's much easier if we could just stop it where they don't start and we can talk to people and talk to the kids and say don't do it. Don't do it, you'll be hooked and you'll destroy yourselves. Don't do it because you know it's, it's easy not to do it. It's easy not to do it if you never start, right? It's easy.
And we gave our warriors the largest pay raise in almost a decade, our warriors, our military. And at my direction, the Pentagon is now working to create the sixth branch, and Dean is helping, but it's been very popular, I may even get Democrat votes, can you believe that? Sixth branch, because this is where it's at. The American armed forces sixth branch is called the Space Force.
And, who is going to pay for that wall?
It's incredible, what's happening. People would go to Europe. They'd go to Asia. If they had no money, they'd go home and die. Now they have the right to use our drugs before they're approved. Think of that, before they're approved. And we're, very importantly, combating the opioid epidemic drug overdose deaths.
Who said that? Who?
[Laughter] If you did it, you didn't do it by choice. Ah, she said, no, I didn't. What's this story all about? I want to find out about this story. Come on up here -- no, I'm kidding. And the Democrats sanctuary cities release -- and this is what happens, they release violent predators out of jail and straight into your communities, and then they're protected.
We're getting a new Air Force One if they can ever finish the damn thing. [Laughter] We're getting two of them, actually. But we may have to go a different route because it's taking them a long time. We're going to get military that's going to start building. We're going to get people to start building properly again in our country, because they don't build properly.
They don't make, at all, the most money. They're teachers, they're scientists. I know people that are scientists, that are -- like they can't wait to get to work. They can't wait. Policemen. You know, our police departments are, I think, terribly disrespected. I think they're not given the credit for the great job they do. I have to be honest with you.
If you need details, it's sc.donaldjtrump.com. Don't wait. Go cast your ballot right away. So, we're coming to the end of a beautiful evening and a beautiful place. In conclusion, together, we're taking -- somebody said keep going. No, no, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop. Don't stop, please. [Audience chants "USA"]
So, we won two beautiful big -- horrible in many ways. But we won two world wars with that attitude, and we didn't win with the woke stuff. But our military is not woke. We have some people on the top that are woke. They'll be gone so fast, your head will spin, OK? [Audience responds affirmatively] Under the Trump administration, we will put more money in your pocket.
To target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause]
Not when I was there. Kamala Harris already cost the average family $29,000 with rampant inflation, the inflation that we've suffered for the last four years now. It's almost four years. It's coming back. And look, we're not going to let this happen either. And the price, you know, they talk about more than anything else, groceries.
She really does. All you have to do is look at what she's done. She doesn't have one single proposal that hasn't been tried and failed. She doesn't have one idea that does anything but destroy jobs for African-Americans and Hispanic-Americans, and all Americans in our country.
What officer is going to get involved if they think they can lose everything, their family, their pension, everything? It's crazy what's going on, not even thinkable. If Democrats truly care about stopping the bloodshed in America, the Biden administration's war on police must end, and it must end right now.
All year round. Nobody said that was going to happen. I also dramatically increased the number of fueling stations where E15 could be sold across the country, all over the country. And very importantly, I let them use the original pumps and equipment instead of having to buy brand new equipment. I did it because it was equal to, in some cases, better than the new stuff.
They went in, they killed 14 people. If we had somebody, a couple of guys like him, or him -- or definitely him, with the white hat on -- with a gun strapped in here, and the bullets could go the other way, you wouldn't have had the same -- you would have had problems. You wouldn't have had it to the same extent at all.
And we're going to keep it that way, because everybody in this room -- you're in the energy business, but you want the same clean water and same clean air that I do, that my family does, your family. So I just want to thank you. It's really incredible. But we're at a very, very good point environmentally right now.
You see that. Sleepy Joe Biden voted for the Iraq war. He supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, destroyed our military, set us back so many years. I got rid of it immediately. He opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden. He was against it. Everything he did. He was wrong on, as said by Gates, you know, Secretary of Defense, Secretary of everything.
They'll say, no. We'll say, bye bye. About two days later, they'll call us, say, get back here fast. We hear somebody is gonna make a raid. We'll go back. They'll pay us so much money. And you know what? That's fine. OK? That's fine. We've got to change our ways. We've got to do something with -- as an example, with NATO because all of these countries that are getting a free ride, they've got to pay up. Why should we be protecting all these people and all these countries and protecting them from what?
So great. In November of 1775, the Continental Congress created two battalions of a new kind of warrior -- one who kept and would protect our ships and sailors, and be at home both ashore and in the mast, with musket in hand. Their versatility was proven in the War of Independence, when 234 Continental Marines conducted their first amphibious raid, capturing the British supply of gunpowder and cannons at Fort Nassau.
The real estate people, two of them in the back that are friends of mine, they're very good real estate people, too. They know what I'm talking about. So they went out, they checked. They called me up two days later. They said, "You know, we do have a great piece of land, and it has a building on it." I said, that's even better because you can renovate the building for a lot less than it costs to build a brand-new one.
Roberto saw that his partner was totally exposed, at great danger, and he leapt into action, returning fire and providing crucial seconds for his fellow agent to seek safety just -- and just barely. I have some of the prints of that event and it was not good. Agent Ortiz, we salute you for your great courage and for your line of fire that you took and for the bravery that you showed.
We are a nation whose economy is floundering, whose stores are not stocked, whose deliveries are not coming, and whose educational system is ranked at the bottom of every list. But we are not going to let this continue. Two years ago, we had the greatest, and I mean like never before, economy and the greatest country.
Do you ever see an agreement take so long as this? How long has this thing been going on? Years and years. It should have been done right at the beginning. They should have said, listen, we got to have our prisoners back. They would say, no. You leave the room. They'll call you back. You double up the sanctions.
now let's say Russia tough so it's ok for Russia to right let's say it's fine
Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty in federal healthcare for the illegal aliens, decimating Medicare, and destroying your Social Security. Biden cares more about illegal aliens than he cares about your senior citizens and it's true. [Audience Boos] And let me just tell you this and I say it strongly and when I first got elected, they always played the Social Security card and nothing happened, right?
It's happening fast. They're all wanted. They want to all join. We did it, you know, the reverse, we did it the re -- Thank you very much. Thank you very much. [Audience shouts "Nobel Peace Prize"] Yes, sir, thank you very much. I knew I liked you, you know, so the Nobel Peace Prize. So the funny thing, a lot of people don't know it because the fake news isn't right about it.
And when you hear 3 million people this year, it's not 3 million. It's probably 3 to 4 times that number. It's probably 10 million, 11 million, or 12 million. But the real truth is they have no idea what it is. Yet if the radical Democrats truly want to fight for democracy abroad, if they want to look and look abroad and fight for what they want to fight for, which I don't think they do, they should start with the democracy that is under threat right next door, a place called Canada.
I take care of Hillary. Oh Hillary, ayayayay. Take care of Hillary. So we can't let it happen anymore. We can't let it happen anymore. It's time -- well, you know, Obama used to say time for change. I'll say it's time for change, but real change this time. Not that change. Real change. Obama yesterday -- President Obama yesterday, for the first time, he started having reservations about the Iran deal.
And two of the anchors got on and they said, whether you like it or not, Donald Trump predicted it and he said that is what you should do. You know, it's interesting, I wrote a book in 2000, and in the book, I mentioned Osama bin Laden. I said bad guy, he is going to do damage to our country. And we better do something to stop him.
For four straight years, Kamala has imported an army of illegal alien, gang members, and migrant criminals from prisons and jails. They come from insane asylums and mental institutions and all around the world. They come from Venezuela to the Congo. They come from the Congo now. A lot of them are coming out of the jails of the Congo, and she's resettled them into our communities, to prey upon our innocent American citizens.
He loves war. And one of our big television stars, and you know who he is. He's been to a lot of rallies. He had a tragedy this week. His son passed away. Fentanyl. Fentanyl. And he is a fantastic person and a great television personality, but your boy is up there looking down on you, Rick Harrison. He's looking down on you and he loves you and he's proud of you and it's not an easy deal, the fentanyl.
True. [Applause] Oh, this one's going to get me in trouble. [Laughter] Not with Hillary. You know, the president told me to stop whining, but I really have to say, the media is even more biased this year than ever before -- ever.
As our Bill of Rights says in those clear and immortal words, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed in times of hardship, crisis, and turmoil. These core American freedoms have always been attacked by those who wish to turn citizens into subjects and take more power for themselves.
It's hard for the enemy because there's one problem they have: You can't see the planes. It's always tough to fight a plane when you can't see it. But America's military dominates the sky. You dominate the sea. You dominate the land. You dominate space. You will not be deterred, and you will never, ever be defeated.
Your heating and cooling in your house, they want to change it. They want to change everything. These people are sick. These people are sick. Not in his house, right? One year from now, the American people are going to fire Crooked Joe Biden and the Democrat Party in a political earthquake that will echo all around the world, all around the world.
Now it's probably naming the justices of the United States Supreme Court because they're going to take us in a certain direction. It's either going to be down the tubes or it's going to be through -- through the roof. I'll tell you, through the roof. And the judges, the justices, and some of them are currently judges.
You're lying. Because that's a believer. He's great. That made him very popular, actually. I told -- it caused a little turmoil, but it made him very popular. He's great. Congressman William Timmons. William, thank you. And a friend of mine, an incredible political figure, he's really taken politics by storm, Congressman.
This is our chance to end years of injustice, corruption and betrayal.
The number I actually heard was $0.79. But you know, these guys will check-up. So I'm telling you, it may be off but you all know it's a lot. I think they said $0.79 on the dollar. Think of it, to raise the money, they take $0.79 before they get to use the money for the -- what it's supposed to be. Someone is making a fortune.
And in fact, right now, I feel I'm in Alaska because it's cold as hell out here. But Lisa Murkowski -- it's actually not that bad. Lisa Murkowski did a terrible job, but we had ANWR approved, probably the biggest drilling site anywhere in the world, energy, jobs, everything great for Alaska and for our country.
Yeah. For, for him?
Two and a half, three years went up. I said, I want to talk -- but I don't want to mention it because if I mention it the next day, they'll have a problem, and they'll say, see. But we went -- now, I can talk about it with great pride. We went four years without any terrorist problem because we kept them out.
Did you feel threatened or intimidated? He didn't even know what they were talking. He goes, no, that was fine. There was nothing wrong. There was nothing wrong. And by that time they already started. But I appreciate it because he could have said yes, I felt threatened, but he didn't say that. So that was good.
I stopped it, I ended it. It was a disaster known as NAFTA. I killed NAFTA. Nobody thought it could be done. You had to get it killed through Congress. You helped a lot, Mr. Congressman. It was the worst trade deal ever made. Nobody thought because you have people -- I don't know where they get their thinking, but they get it from lobbyists and lots of other people.
I promise you that. Because I know the roadmap, I know that roadmap very well. People said, "I can't believe you got ANWR. Ronald Reagan couldn't get, nobody could get it." And it was easier then because now you have the environmental stuff at levels that, you know, nobody's ever seen before. Much of it to stop us from making progress.
They listened to me. I said, you can't do it, Abdul. We'll hit you harder than you've ever been hit. You can't do it. He understood that. He left us alone. We would have never moved our military out first. We would have never. They would have gone last. First Americans, then our people that deserve to come out, of which, by the way, the people that came out are not the ones that they were talking about.
Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton lost a lot of stuff. Obama didn't. They say 33 million pages of stuff. God, where is it? What happened? And yet, with all of the persecution and prosecution that we've gone through, we, I say, "We", all of us together, we are leading everyone in the polls by a lot more than ever before.
I'm self-funding this campaign. I'm the only one. I'm the only -- I'm the only one. I don't know if that's a big deal to a lot of people. But I could have -- I could have fun. You know these super PACs are a total scam. The super PACs have all these money. They'll do negative ads on me all over the place.
We'll have real leadership. [Applause and Cheering] Just in finishing up, I want you to think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days of the Trump administration. We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan... [Applause and Cheering] ...and she is going to raise your taxes substantially.
That is very smart. Stand up, darling. Beautiful. It is about time.
In fact, I think they're gonna get together, The New York Times will die. The failing New York Times. Washington Post. Which is basically a lobbyist for Bezos. You know that. But they'll all get together and they'll say, "Listen, we made a big mistake here. We got to draft Trump. We got to get him to run again.
We're leading in Florida, we're leading in Ohio, we're leading in Iowa, I think we're leading in North Carolina. [Applause]
Left wing politicians are imposing deadly sanctuary cities and Sanctuary States. And policies that compel local law enforcement to release these illegal aliens straight into your beautiful communities. Last year, Colorado Democrats enacted a law declaring this entire state to be a sanctuary for dangerous criminal alien.
If you think that it was easy to get here tonight, you are wrong. In fact the pilot said, "Sir, I think you might have to do it maybe another time." I said, "I'm not going to tell the people of New Hampshire, I'm not going to be there tonight." This was a little bit rocky tonight, I will tell you, but I'm glad we made it. That would've been a pretty big story, if we didn't make it. I mean, didn't didn't make it. I'm thrilled to be back with the people of the great state of New Hampshire with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, which is what you are.
I looked and I saw 400 men in those cases was all men. I have to say those cases was all men. I have to say those cases was all men. I have to say today you have men and women as your today you have men and women. As your today, you have men and women as your construction people, which is great, but construction people, which is great, but construction people, which is great.
So get out and vote whether we're leading in the polls or not leading in the polls, and in this case we're leading by 30-40 points, I guess, but we got to win. Maybe we can win by more than that. Because if we win in a massive number, but it's a little bit less than that, they'll say, "Oh, he didn't meet expectations," because they're fake news.
How can you do business that way? Who's going to want to speak to your President? So the President of Ukraine reiterated today at a major news conference on other subjects that he was under absolutely no pressure. He doesn't know what they're talking about and he used the word, there was no blackmail during this call.
I never understood quite the Gulf of Mexico when it really covers us far more. And I think Doug is a big believer in what we did, the Gulf of America. So we're having a little dispute, but only one. But Google Maps has already changed. Almost everybody's already changed. It's called the Gulf of America. And earlier this month, I signed an order banning men from women's sports.
Do you ever notice when they write about that? They always say while the election results are a big lie, every reporter, it's just total misinformation. While they're totally unfounded, everything is unfounded, big lie, not correct. While Trump has no reason to say this, I mean, we got piles and piles of information, affidavits by the thousands and thousands.
But generally speaking, that's not going to happen. He whacked the ball and it hit the girl in the face and just wiped out her whole mouth and teeth. And she was badly hurt. Because it was like this thing's coming at her. She never saw anything like it. And the guy was big, a big strong person who transitioned.
[Video] Will you remember that Pennsylvania, Oklahoma?
Some of them are beyond belief, what they can do in a short period of time. Hunter Biden's getting $500,000. It's a bribe. It's disgraceful. And the fake news media is talking about it like it's OK, but we should have transparency. It's unbelievable. And the laptop -- and the laptop -- I miss you, too.
They never had a part-time job in their life. But because of Obamacare it makes sense for the company to make everything part-time for reporting requirements. So you can't do it. It's terrible. Then job growth is coming from largely from the healthcare jobs and new jobs which are very, very low paying jobs, about $525 a week.
That because of the fact that we are, today, getting this great, great, talented, wonderful Supreme Court judge. They said, "Could you call the people of Kansas and tell them we won't be able to make it tonight.?" I said, "I don't have the courage to do that. I don't have the courage" I said, "I don't have the courage." They call me, they said, "Sir, we're signing the next United States Supreme Court justice."
You got to vote. You have the opportunity to vote for true conservative warriors, starting with the next governor of Wisconsin, Tim Michaels. Now you have to understand who Tim is, you know, because a lot of times people say, "Oh, you know, he's a businessman and he'll own something little, tiny, little, little thing." And they'll say, "He's a bit" -- this guy is big time.
They're really sleaze. Adam Schiff made up my phone call, he said, "Trump said all of this horrible stuff," and he imitated me. He went into Congress, and he made like I was speaking. And he said, "Eight times, he quid pro quo. And he did that and this and that to the president of Ukraine, Zelensky." I like Zelensky for one particular reason, because he said that's false, would have been very easy for him to say, "Oh, I feel so intimidated, but it wasn't. He was very honorable about that, I must tell you.
Sean, will you please win? Sean Parnell. I'll tell you, he's popular. That's great, Sean. We love Sean. But Biden championed every globalist portrayal of Pennsylvania for half a century. He was a cheerleader for the worst trade deal ever made by any country, NAFTA and China's entry into the World Trade Organization, which built China like a rocket ship.
And he saw the incompetence of Afghanistan. And he said, "Wow, these people are incompetent. I guess I'll go in." Unlike every other candidate in this race with me, you know, in your heart, and you'll always know that I will put America first. And with God's help, we will get this job done better than ever before.
So, we're going to make our country wealthy again. We're going to make our country safe again. We're going to rebuild our inner cities because our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape that they've ever been in before, ever, ever, ever.
And I'm not even blaming China. I think they're doing the right thing for them. But they're killing us. They're killing us. And it's not going to happen anymore, folks; not going to happen anymore. [Applause]
And all those guys, they may not like us, but you know what? About six months before the election, not this one coming up -- please go out and vote. Please go out. But in 2020, about six months before the election, every single one of those haters is going to endorse is because without us, they have nobody watching television.
Now she's going to Michigan at 10 o'clock in the evening on Monday and she's going I think to Philadelphia, North Carolina. She's not gonna be able to make it but these are mine. They haven't played. But you know what? All of a sudden, they're saying that they know better than anybody. This is a whole different ballgame.
In addition. Bill Clinton received $500,000 for a speech.
We'll have almost 500 miles of wall built by the end of next year and it's making a big difference. Five hundred miles. But you know we want a big case two months ago, in the Supreme Court that allowed us to do what we're doing. This has been -- I'll tell you what. Ready? Another president would have given up a long time ago.
I'd like to thank Chairman Jeff Miller for his leadership on behalf of those who have served this country in military uniform, and for working with our campaign on developing real solutions for our great Veterans.
At the same time, we're going to take care of our military and we're going to take care of our great, great, great veterans. [Applause]
You know how we got them, right? I said, "Listen, you have 28,000. I need 28,000 soldiers while we're building the wall." And the people in Mexico, the representative said, "No. No. No. We're not doing that, of course." And I met somebody in the State Department, a very good woman, but she's been dealing with Mexico for 25 years.
That was pretty great. But we love all of you. And we will never forget her sacrifice. In that case, she was fantastic person in every way. For four straight years, I kept America safe. I kept Israel safe. I kept Ukraine safe, and I kept the entire world safe. As Viktor Orban said, he kept the entire world safe.
Seven sounds so good when I hear that. It sounds like we can't be beaten. And uh, we should be 50, 60 up. Honestly, we should be 100 up. Because based on policy, these people have the worst policy that anybody has ever seen. There's something wrong with them. Honestly, there's something wrong with them. All this crap. 13 House Democrats currently represent districts that voted for Trump and voted for Trump big.
I think this, if he ever made it, it would be the single greatest comeback in the history of politics or any other event. You could say politics or any other event. If he made it, it's only because he'd be the only one left on Earth. And he's a nasty guy, you know? He talks like -- he's terrible. He was a lousy governor, too.
All these guys are on television. I don't want my generals on television. I don't want them on television. The word unpredictable. I want to be unpredictable. But when General Odierno left, he said something that frankly he shouldn't have said, but he said it. He was being interviewed. He's leaving, and he said, "Our military right now is the least prepared of any time." And I think he said since the beginning, but he could have said since the Second World War.
Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. She vowed repeatedly to ban fracking. As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as nonviolent crimes. [Audience boos] She pledged to confiscate your guns. She wants it because she will confiscate your guns 100 percent and endorse a total ban on handgun ownership.
If we allow them to cheat again, you're not going to have a country. If you put me back in the White House, the reign of corrupt Washington establishment will be over, and America will be a free nation once again. With your support in this election, we are going to complete the mission. We are going to finish what we started.
You work hard, and you will be very successful. We're back to the merit system. Nobody thought that was ever even possible. We need merit. There's so many people that are left out in the cold, and that's not going to happen anymore. You work hard. You work diligently. You go to school. You do what you have to do.
As President, I have no higher duty than to defend the laws and the Constitution of the United States. That is why I am determined to protect our election system, which is now under coordinated assault and siege. For months leading up to the presidential election, we were warned that we should not declare a premature victory.
There's plenty of space for people to express their views and to protest, but we love our flag, we love our anthem. And we want to keep it that way. [Applause] As we put money back in the pockets of all Americans, including our farmers and ranchers, we're also putting an end to the regulatory assault on your way of life. And it was an assault indeed.
You look at your median -- Take a look at your median income. Take a look at what's happened, the numbers, median household income. Take a look at your numbers. With President Bush it went up $400 in eight years. With President Obama, it went up $975 dollars in eight years. With President Trump, It went up 5,000, but whoa, whoa, whoa, in less than three years.
And I mean that. Hello, Harrisburg. A very special hello to Pennsylvania. I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful commonwealth with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. Thank you very much. As you know, this is my first return to Pennsylvania since our rally in Butler. We're going back to Butler, too, by the way.
I could have done deals. Oh, they wanted to do deals. Would you like to do a deal, sir? I could have sat behind that oval desk, I could have done deal after deal. I would've quadrupled my net worth. They said, "He's the only president," and I think probably maybe the only politician, I don't want to knock all of my people that are here, but I consider that to be a positive, not a negative.
My life was so simple. I should have just. But you know what? What we've done is so important. What we've exposed is so important. What we're doing and what we're going to do is going to be the most important of all. But they had headlines that Biden wins in Arizona when they know it's not true. He didn't win in Arizona.
I looked at, I didn't know anything about this business and I had an agent wonderful guy from William Morris and he said Sir, I don't want you to sign. No business show has ever done well on network television. Well, it's not business is at the time slot. Sir, I don't want you to sign. Sir, don't sign. I said yeah, OK, but I have a problem.
Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare. Making it even more expensive. She's also raising your taxes very substantially, folks. Big, big taxing. I'm asking for your vote. So we can repeal and replace Obamacare and save health care for every family in Colorado and in our country. Real change means restoring honesty to our government.
Now, honestly he's a good man but he shouldn't say that. Why should we tell the enemy that? That's what we're doing. We're going to build it up. I'm going to build it up fast. By the way, it's the cheapest thing we can do. Nobody is going to mess with us folks. It's the cheapest thing we can do. I don't want to use it. I don't want to use it but it's the cheapest thing we can do. So, we are going to buy and we are going to get all of these countries that are making a fortune.
I will totally obliterate the deep state, stop the weaponization of our government, and overhaul the corrupt FBI and DOJ. We're going to fix the DOJ. The DOJ is corrupt. The FBI is corrupt. Before I even arrive at the Oval Office, I will shortly -- and right after we win, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled.
So, we're not going to do deals like -- we're going to do smart deals. We're going to do great deals. We are going to make America great again. February 9th, go and vote. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Veterans should be guaranteed the right to choose their doctor and clinics, whether at a VA facility or at a private medical center.
No. They didn't like that answer, by the way. Then they asked her, have you ever called? No. She never called. Almost four years, she never called, not once the Border Patrol. And she was the border czar. She was in charge of the border. Now think of it, four years, she never called. Now she's trying to say, well, I was really not the border --whether she was the border czar or not, she was put in charge of the border by Sleepy Joe, and then he went to bed.
And I think I'm going to do it because it's not very long, and we have plenty of time, and it's only about 100 degrees in here. It's actually not that bad. But Mark is a great man, and he's a great patriot. And he writes, "Here's what we know about Comrade Kamala Harris. She just doesn't care about the American people, especially hardworking, middle-class Americans.
What's happening with the youth. And they're wondering -- you know they're using the Internet better than we use it, and our guys invented it, right? Because they're hearing oh, dad, the mastermind. He's a mastermind. He's a moron. He's a dirty, rotten moron, and we kill them fortunately. And the cops in France, they did a great job, and the cops in California they did an amazing job.
He's an incredible team player, and he didn't want anybody to be voting his name because, as you know, he fully endorses us. He's with us. He's going to be watching out for women's health and everybody's health. And he's got a lot of great things to say. He's very smart and very good. Great person and very popular.
We've totally transformed veterans' health care, including getting long-sought VA Choice and VA Accountability, which they said could not be done. And we passed the spectacular Right to Try. So if you're in trouble, and I hope nobody in this massive arena is in trouble, but if you're in trouble, you can go and get whatever the new drug or whatever, the best doctors, best hospital, best labs, you get it. And the luck we are having, we are saving so many lives.
But never was. Should have been deported but never was. What kind of a government allows its citizen and it's citizens to suffer like this? And believe me, there is tremendous suffering going on. We have people from the remembrance project here and you just have to look at remembrance project these are amazing people.
Do you know where that is? Do you know where that is? Barksdale, where's Barksdale? Nice, good? Barksdale Air Force Base right here in Louisiana. At $40 million, two naval air station joint reserve base in New Orleans. I withdrew from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal. I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem, and we recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights after 52 years.
But a couple of reasons and a couple of things a lot of people don't even know. I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm not getting money from all these people. So, so very importantly, I'm not get -- I'm putting up and you know what I get offered millions and millions and millions of dollars. I feel so foolish not taking it, my whole life I've taken money, right?
The drug companies do not like me too much. It's a favored nations clause I signed. We will strongly protect Medicare and your Social Security will be totally secure, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. America will land the first woman in the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars.
You think this is fun? You think this... This is a lot of work. It's a lot more work than anybody knew. And that's the last time he's been right, but I'm glad he was right about that. Ellison is the number two official in the entire Democrat Party and he recently marched in a parade wearing a shirt that read, "I do not believe in borders." Oh, that's wonderful.
And if you can't name your enemy, you don't know what the problem is. And if you don't know what the problem is, you're never going to fix the problem. Anyone who cannot condemn the hatred, oppression and violence of radical Islam lacks the moral clarity to serve as our President.
They said what do you think of ISIS? Oh, they're very tough. They're very tough. I said what's he doing? What's he doing? You know you're talking about 30,000 people. What's he doing? Why is he saying that? It just emboldens them to do what they want to do. And we have to hit them so hard and so fast. They're cutting off Christians heads.
The show was live from Moscow and we had a tremendous success there and it was amazing. But to do well, you have to get the other side to respect you, and he does not respect our President, which is very sad.
With us, you go through years and years of torture, but we're going to do it on an expedited basis. And with the lowest energy prices on earth -- we will have the lowest energy prices on earth because we got lucky. We're right on top of the best stuff in the world. And I'll put ANWR back into play. You know, for Ronald Reagan, Ronald Reagan couldn't do it.
We love our police and they were able to apprehend this terrible criminal. Thanks to Democrat policies, MS-13 gang members, they're the worst, were allowed to infiltrate the country. You know I call them animals and Nancy Pelosi said, they're not animals, they're human beings. Take a look at what's happening to her district.
We can't do it on our own merit. We have to pay everybody. But we go -- and now that regime is taken over by a group of people that make them look like babies. Totally anti the United States, totally anti-Israel, totally anti-everything. What have we done? And the rest of the world sees how we acted. And they say, ''Well, we can't count on -- we just can't count on the United States." I look at what we've done in Iraq.
Now, in 50 years, one whale was injured by a boat, but the windmills have driven hundreds of whales onto shore. So, the windmills are OK, but a boat has to go two miles an hour. But I said to him, I said, "Let me ask you this question." He said, "I was very honored by this," because smart guy. I said, "What happens if your boat sinks and you're sitting on top of this massive battery?
Wasn't going to win Wisconsin, same thing. All the sudden they start, the evening begins. Donald Trump has won the state of Ohio by eight points, nobody ever thought it possible, that hasn't happened -- So I start off with Ohio, and they all said, eight points? What's going on! That's when we knew there was something happening.
And they've been mistreated. They've been treated like third-class citizens and it's gonna stop. It's gonna stop. As you look at these senators and the congressmen, they ride around. They're like kings. They think Great. Oh, isn't it great. They come. They make speeches. Nothing ever happens. So two weeks ago, on Wednesday, they had the longest waits in reception rooms and reception areas in the history of the Veterans Administration.
They came for us, the back country, they came to the back. That was not a good move. The back country, does anybody know what the back country is? Because I do. How many people are from the back country? Yes? They made a bad mistake. They came to the back country of South Carolina. And despite long odds of victory, he was given no chance, Pickens urged his South Carolina Patriots to stand strong and stand brave.
We will pursue the vision we have carried around the world over this past year -- a vision of strong, sovereign, and independent nations that respect their citizens and respect their neighbors; nations that thrive in commerce and cooperation, rooted in their histories and branching out toward their destinies.
Four more years of Crazy Kamala Harris means 50 -- probably, it means 50 million illegal aliens pouring into our country over another four years, 50 million, could be 50 million more. They're overrunning our country. They're destroying our country. They're ruining our country, and they're making our country very unsafe.
This is something they could do. And their soldiers were tough too. They weren't as politically correct, because our soldiers, they want to arrest them if they raised their voice. They raised their voice, "I'm sorry, sir, you're not allowed to come in." "He's harassed me," and they want to arrest our soldiers.
She was against fracking, she was against everything. And she changed everything because you couldn't get elected, right? And she was the last one -- she was the last one online. You know, whether you like Biden or not, he got 14 million votes and he won the primaries. And then they came to him -- Nancy Pelosi, crazy Nancy, she came to him, she's nuts.
We want immaculately clean air. [Applause]
But look. Look. Thank you. She's going to put ads. You know, when I was running in Florida, I won in a landslide. I went through two weeks of ads. I was down there. I said this is the most incredible thing I've ever seen. You couldn't see -- I was dying to see an ivory soap ad... [Laughter]
Lindsey, thank you, Lindsey. Thank you. Thank you, Lindsey. He really did. That was very special. We're all here tonight to support an amazing leader and a tremendous champion for this great state, a woman who went to Washington. She's been there for now a short period of time as your senator, but she is respected by all.
You will.
It was pretty easy to coach that team, though, coach. What you did is you took the snap and handed it to Herschel. Ten yards, 10 yards, 20 yards, 30 yards. And then everyone on that team went into the NFL. They said, well -- but I'll tell you, Herschel Walker's been great and he's been a tremendous friend of all of us. And that was some football player.
They are decent American citizens who want to uphold our value as a tolerant society and who want to keep the terrorists' hell out of our country. [Applause] If the choice is between saving lives or appeasing politically correct censors in Washington, D.C., that is the easiest choice you and I will ever have to make. [Applause] We will always choose saving American lives. [Applause] We have thousands and thousands of people being brought into our country from the Middle East, from Syria.
It's an incredible voice, but it's a computer voice. It goes, "1,000." Now, that means 1,000 feet. 1,000 feet is really low when you're in a big monster plane, right? 1,000 feet sounds high. It's not. So, it goes, "1,000, 900, 800, 700, 600, 500." I said, "Captain, I don't see any runway, captain." "No problem, sir." I said, "All right." I'm telling my wife -- you know, I told my wife how brave I was when I got home, sort of like Lion Brian.
In recent months, this state and this country have faced great challenges. Here in the Detroit area, you were hit hard by the virus -- very, very hard in this area.
It's time to shake the rust off America's foreign policy. It's time to invite new voices and new visions into the fold, something we have to do. The direction I will outline today will also return us to a timeless principle. My foreign policy will always put the interests of the American people and American security above all else. It has to be first. Has to be.
And I'm in first place in every poll. Wouldn't that be nice? No. No. But wouldn't it be nice if the country could do the same thing? Wouldn't it be nice. As an example. At first, I said, you know, I have to spend more money. It doesn't look that good. I haven't spent that -- and then somebody said to me, you know it really is great.
African American poverty has declined to the lowest rate ever recorded. But I think one of the things we're most proud of in this incredible economy -- we'll call it "Trump economy." Call it -- we'll call it the "Ponder economy." We'll call it something. But whatever we call it, this economy has been great.
We fully rebuilt the United States military and created the first new branch of the U.S. armed forces in more than 75 years, Space Force. There they are. There they are. We crushed -- this is something that people can't even believe because you've heard this for years. They couldn't do anything. We crushed the ISIS territorial caliphate, 100%. We knocked out 100%. Remember -- remember I had it at 95%? I said, "All right, let's go home." They all said, "He didn't do 100." So, we stayed a little longer.
They don't want to talk because they're guilty as hell. They cheated like hell. They know it, and you'll never find out all the ways. But we don't need all the ways because, you know, it was -- I think 22,000 votes separated it, and we have millions and millions of votes. It's a very sad thing. So, the most important part of what's coming up is to guard the vote.
They've been fighting forever to try, but yet two military power is the same. We gave them Iraq. So we're not going to be the stupid people anymore, folks. We're gonna start -- we're going to start winning again. We don't win. We never win. We never ever win. When was the last time you saw a victory? We don't win on trade.
Every time you protest, it's gonna add about 25% of the vote". The Biden Plan, she's tellin us how to run our country and she doesn't love our country, that I can tell you. The Biden Plan will turn Michigan into a refugee camp. If you look at what they wanna do. A seven -- This is agreed to with Bernie Sanders and that group.
As a nation. [Audience chants USA] Since I took office we have cut illegal immigration on our southern border by record numbers. 78%. [Audience chants Build the Wall] Record, record numbers.
If we had the right laws-which we can have very quickly with cooperation-we wouldn't even have a problem. It would be so much better, so much easier. We believe that politicians who put criminal aliens before American citizens should be voted out of office immediately.
You know, when I was going to pick the Secretary of Agriculture, I interviewed about seven or eight people, and one was great politically and one was great some other way, and they all had something that was fine, I guess.
I never debated. I mean, I debate -- my whole life is a debate. But the politicians, all they do is debate, right? They debate. Every night, they debate. So who knew it was gonna work out this way. And I've been center stage every single debate, meaning No, 1. Every single one. We've been leading every single debate.
The problem is that Biden and Harris have put many of those regulatory cuts back on the books, and they didn't do anything. They were old, staid. All they did was stop business, but we have -- US-based manufacturers will also be rewarded with expanded research and development tax credits. You'll be able to write off 100% of the cost of heavy machinery and other equipment in the first year, and full expensing for new manufacturing investments.
The Radical Left Democrat Party is not, in my opinion, a 50% party within our country. They're against God, guns, oil, law enforcement, voter ID, they're against our Constitution, they're against everything, and they're certainly against our -- they are against our founding fathers. The way they win, and I believe this fully is to cheat on elections.
Chrysler is moving a major plant from Mexico to Michigan. Toyota and Mazda are opening up a plant in Alabama, a big one, and we haven't seen this in a long time. It's all coming back. [Applause] Very soon, auto plants and other plants will be opening up all over this country.
Can you imagine that? Twenty-seven thousand. And I did that so that we don't put tariffs on their products coming in too? It's very simple. I said, "You've got to do it." and the President has been great, he's a friend of mine, he's doing a very good job, not easy, Mexico's not easy, but he's doing a very good job.
But he got $4 billion when he sold it $4 billion. That's not too bad, that's not too bad, Dana. But he really is, he's an incredible guy and you know, he also loves his fighters. He wants to take care of his fighters that he brought some of them along with the best, but I want to introduce Dana White. Dana, please.
We were energy independent. Your numbers were the lowest they were in 30 years. We're going to get lower numbers. By the way, we are going to -- from January 20th, that's the day you take office, one year from January 20th, your energy bills will be one-half what they are right now, 50 percent, 5-0. They'll be one half because we're sitting on more liquid gold than any other country in the world, including -- including Saudi Arabia and including Russia.
It's not fair. So how do you solve that? And how do you solve jobs? And how do you solve all of these things that I talked about? How do you solve the military? We have to build up the military not take it down, build it up. By the way, if we build it up, you're going to see Putin and all these people -- All of a sudden he's, oh, hey, hey let's meet, let's have fun let's have -- [Laughter] You know he's not doing what he's doing, he's doing because he doesn't respect us. He doesn't respect us as a country.
They emptied their jails. They emptied their jails and prisons. They emptied their mental institutions into our country largely. Now, they're continuing to do it. But if you look at many of these countries that we're talking about, frankly, who can blame them? They're dropping their prisoners into the United States of America.
We will make America wealthy again, wealthy, wealthy, wealthy. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Arizona. Thank you. God bless you all. God bless you.
Believe me, you were a big part of it -- big part of it. Big, big part. In just three days, the people of Montana are going to send a great man, Matt Rosendale... to the United States Senate to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and continue with what we're doing, and we're getting there fast. Make America great again, right?
He went into a house and he just disappeared. What the hell happened to him? And so I backed -- who in all fairness had a tough time, I backed Romney. You wouldn't believe this but I actually backed him, raised a lot of money for him and other things and he failed. So McCain failed, Romney felt and I said, this time, we're going to do it ourselves, OK? We're going to do it this way.
And I did do a big favor, because you do a lot of auto parts especially. So, you probably heard that, in Mexico, that China was going to build among the largest auto plants in the world. They were going to knock out cars, left and right, destroy Michigan, destroy Detroit. I just left Detroit. They were very happy.
Can you come back? He was sick. And you know a lot of this is stuff that a pill can take care of or a little incision can take care of or something can take care very quickly. You know, where it goes away. And they have to live with it. And it's unfair and it's incompetent. It's incompetent management. And it's not the money because they spend tremendous money.
So here's the story. Every air conditioning unit that you make, and every single air conditioning unit that you make and comes across the border and into the United States. We're going to charge you a 35% tax, OK? 35% tax. And that's it. Now here's what happens. OK. As sure as you're standing here, look they're going to call their lobbyist, oh, you gotta speak to the president, you got to -- but they can't speak to me. I didn't take any of their money.
And he gets the nomination, goes to Pennsylvania. They inform him that they have a million jobs, and fracking is a big deal. And they like inexpensive energy. Right? And so he goes from "There will be no fracking," with great anger, to "I never said there wouldn't be fracking." [Laughter]
That was an easy one that you'd expect, but No. 1 with all these other things. And I think a lot of that led because I'm so strong on the border because we want protection for our people and I'm very strong on the border. But you look at all of these different things and what I sort of love, the campaign.
They're already trying to do it all over the country. Well, except in Republican cities and states which are running beautifully without crime. Our opponents stand with the, take a look at it, the writers, and the anarchists, and the looters. We stand, we, we stand with the heroes of law enforcement. We've been endorsed by almost every major law enforcement group in the country, Florida, Texas.
That's how we're developing. We're going to turn it around. I will gain total independence from China, and we'll work with China. We'll have a great relation -- I had a great relationship with President Xi until COVID hit our shores, and that was just too much. We actually made an incredible trade deal with China, I don't even talk about it because COVID was so bad.
But here is the bottom line: I started off in Brooklyn New York, not so long ago, with a small loan and built a business worth over 10 billion dollars. I have always had a talent for building businesses and, importantly, creating jobs. That is a talent our country desperately needs. I am running for President to end the unfairness and to put you, the American worker, first.
I do believe they're in the FBI. I do believe they're in the FBI, but even if you forget about it, forget them, you know she said she had 33,000 e-mails and the emails were for her yoga lessons. Look. You know, she's, not big into yoga, I can tell. If she is, she's not getting her money's worth. Her yoga lessons and her daughter's wedding, right?
And I came in and we -- we did fantastically here. We've done great here. But you can't let that happen. You can't have the Democrats -- you just got to get rid of the system. It would take -- if you're governor, it would take about two minutes. You just can't have a system with Democrats for -- think of it. Democrats are allowed to vote in the Republican primary.
He said could I ask you a question why? I said two reasons. Number one is they're crooked and number two is lack of knowledge. He said could I call you to the United Nations? Yes, I went to the United Nations. I met with Kofi Annan and I told them I will do the whole job for $700 million. They said, yeah, but it won't be the same job.
I have many friends. I can't do business in China. They can't get their product into China. China dumps it over here. You can't get it over there. And when he does get it in it's a big tax, OK. So I'd say to Carrier, "Congratulations! but you're paying the 35% tax." Here's what's going to happen. I do it early before they start building and I like to get them.
It's not that easy. But DeSanctis loses to him by a lot. With each passing day, more Americans are joining our patriotic movement. Together we've achieved more than any person ever thought possible. And this was from 2016. When I announced it in 2015 everyone said, "Oh, what? He has no experience." And they were right about that actually.
Fourth Amendment, you can't do that. They raided my home. Think of it. They raided Mar-a-Lago. I get a call, "Sir, your house is under raid by the FBI." Think of it. You're not allowed to do that. These are very bad people, very sick people. On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school, pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity, and other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content on our children.
So obviously, it's not working. And all those buildings in Washington, I see a department of -- the biggest buildings you've ever seen. They're all over the place. We got to keep one or two people just to make sure they're teaching English, right? All of a sudden, we'll say one place happened to go to a different language.
But Sean's pretty tough. But he, he would've been in trouble. But I see everybody in this room and, I mean, there's nobo -- And if I didn't like somebody, I would tell you. I like them all. I really would. I really would. You know what I like about Chuck Grassley? He wa -- He made Comey choke because he's got this voice, and he wasn't meaning -- But he said, "Did you lie?"
Republicans believe that public benefits should be protected for American citizens. For the money that we spend on illegal aliens, we could completely rebuild our inner cities, repair our crumbling infrastructure, and fix our terrible public schools. Schools that are in terrible shape. But instead, Democrats want to redistribute your wealth all over the entire world to places that you've never even heard of before.
A lot of people didn't like it at the beginning. Now they love it. You know, they grow on you. Sometimes they grow on you positively or negatively. But he said -- and then people would say, "Sir, you're hitting it very hard. I don't think you should." "Why? He's a Republican." I said, "I don't care if he's a Republican." They're saying he's a Republican.
She had no idea what she was doing. And if she did, that's even worse. She voted in favor of sanctuary cities. She voted against prioritizing the arrest of dangers, criminal aliens, and she strongly opposed the border wall. She's one of the many Democrats that sued me. Two and a half years of lawsuits, I had to win.
And I used to fight like cats and dogs with the leaders of other countries because they were stealing from us. When they did that, they had artificial devaluations of their currency. It's a very important thing. I haven't even heard it mentioned in two years. That's a very important thing. It's very hard for us to compete when they do that artificially, and they had to pay a big price when they did it, and they never really did it for very long.
We're getting rid of all of our stuff for wind, wind. See, it comes wind. It's not powerful enough to fire up our factories. Solar, you ever see a solar area? They take up areas of the desert. They might as well take the whole damn desert. And I like the concept of solar, but it's not powerful like what we need to fire up our factories.
And I'm with you all the way. And I'm going to be campaigning with you. And we're going to win, win, win like we've never won before. And thank you to your leadership. And Mike, great job. You're doing a fantastic job. Thank you all very much.
We have to build up, but we've got to knock him out. I didn't want to be there, but you can't allow people to chop heads. And that's why we, it's like medieval times. One day, one day in the previous debate, they asked Ted Cruz a question. "What do you think of waterboarding?" And he goes, "Then he didn't want any part, that's too tough question, waterboarding, waterboarding." Think of it. They're chopping off heads.
The mothers, they take care of them. They have to take care of them, and we would have no hospital system that could do it, so they're entitled to it. We got so many other things we can do. We don't need that. We don't need that. You know, we have so much liquid gold down there. We'll drill so much. We'll knock the hell out of everything with that.
There were a hundred things, but I was debating three people. I wasn't debating one. Eleven times or so, they said, "No, that's not right. That's not right." You know, they're not -- they weren't supposed to do that, too, by the way, ABC. It's ABC fake news. CBS, ABC, NBC, these are -- [Audience boos] these are, in my opinion -- in my opinion, these are seriously corrupt people.
You know, so many of them are delinquent. They're in default, essentially, but they're delinquent. Poland is up to date. And what happened, as soon as I walked in, the whole group said, We're up to date That's it.
Smart family. They called up and they had these super-brilliant young men come in.I mean, there was, some of them were wearing undershirts. They were wearing a base -- There were wearing a baseball cap. How much are you worth? "About a million dollars, sir." So, they had founded companies, sold their companies, but they were brilliant.
So when I look at what's going on with this country, when I look at $17 trillion, a word that you didn't even hear 10 years ago, the word trillion, it didn't exist as far as we were concerned. Now, that's all you hear, $17 trillion in debt. You look at deficits that are record setting, and they're not going to get better.
Remember this. You got to remember this. Because she came out with a plan to very substantially raise your taxes, that's all you need in Connecticut more taxes. She is going to raise your taxes. She's going to raise your regulations for your businesses, which is gonna put everybody out of work. Obamacare, she wants to keep and make it more expensive.
And she got on, and then she became the foreperson, forewoman, on the jury. And I assume they asked her a question: "Do you have any bias? Do you have any..." She didn't say that. So is that a defrauding of the court? You tell me. But does this undermine our fair system of justice? How can you have a person like this?
We have to reinstitute our strong, it's called Remain in Mexico. Was it easy for me to get? I got it, I got it. I said, listen, you're going to do Remain. No, we won't do that. Yes, you will, because if you don't do it, we're going to put tariffs on all your damn cars that you stole from us. And if you don't do it -- sir, we'd love to do it. It would be our great honor to do it. Remain in Mexico. We will reimpose Title 42. Can you believe they want to get rid of Title 42? That's a disaster.
Those are things that people don't even realize. Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all. And I never even knew the swamp was this bad. Swamp is bad, bad people, a lot of bad people in the swamp. [Audience chants "Drain the swamp"] Bad people in the swamp.
And we've already cut the unemployment rate in less than half. That's a fantastic thing. Under Biden and Obama, it took over three-and-a-half years for Arizona to regain 60% of the jobs lost in the crisis, and we've done it in four months. Think of that. And it wasn't our fault, wasn't our fault. Manufacturing production is up 61%. Retail sales are up, excuse me, 121%. That means more than before the pandemic.
We're going to reduce the tax rate on American businesses so they can keep jobs in America, Aaron; create jobs in America; compete for workers in America; and raise wages right here in America. You're going to be in a much different position. Okay? [Applause] Thank you. Tremendous incentives.
You have to keep it going. But we are going to have victory. We're gonna have victories economically. We're gonna have victories on trade. We're gonna put our people back to work. We're not gonna let other countries steal our jobs. It's not gonna happen anymore. We're gonna have great health care. The American Dream is dead, but we're gonna make it bigger and better and stronger than ever, ever, ever before.
But instead of saying thank you, that snake gave her a vicious bite. Take me in, oh tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh tender woman, sighed the broken snake. I saved you, cried the woman, and you bit me, heavens, why? You know your bite is poisonous and now I'm going to die. Oh shut up, silly woman, said the reptile with a grin.
Thank you. Going on to very big things, actually. Jacob Helberg. Jacob? Thank you. Thank you, Jacob. Great job. Somebody who's very talented, knows a lot about a lot at a very young age, Morgan Ortegas. Morgan. Thank you, darling. And, also, somebody who defends me so well, Elizabeth Pipko. Elizabeth? Wow.
Make sure to register. Folks, who here has not registered? You have permission. Front row, the guy stands here for hours and he's not registered. You have permission to leave here right now and register. Not a lot of people. Anybody not register here? Anybody? That's great. Wow. That's very -- that's impressive.
Republicans believe illegal border crossers should be immediately sent home or, if they're criminals, put in jail. Democrats believe our country should be a giant sanctuary city for criminal aliens. They want it to be a big, fat, beautiful sanctuary city. The whole country for criminal aliens. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary city for law-abiding Americans.
Mike has led it. The Biden/Harris plan would increase refugees from terrorist regions by a staggering 700%, including from Syria, Somalia and Yemen. [Audience boos] And I am keeping radical Islamic terrorists out of our country, if you don't mind. We're keeping them the hell out, if you don't mind. If Florida doesn't mind, we will.
That's bigger, 179,000 is bigger than any city by a lot in New Hampshire. That's a massive amount of people. That's a massive amount. So we're going to do something that's going to be whether you like Dwight Eisenhower. No matter what you do, Dwight Eisenhower. I like Ike. Everybody said nice guy. We either have a country folks or we don't. Remember this.
And do you know the nice thing? He wants no acclaim, he just wants to do what he wants to do. And you know, uh, I also worked on Israel, the capital, Jerusalem, right, with our embassy. Great job, Jared. And he has no weight problem, that I can tell you. He is so skinny. How do you stay so skinny, Jared?
And I have to say, they -- you are all in favor of tax cuts, aren't you? Come on up, Senator. These are great people. They work hard. They're for you 100 percent. And we just want their support because we need support.
He's tested negative, right? Because it happens, people have it and it goes. Get the kids back to school. We've got to get the kids back to school. Get them back to school, all right? Get them back, get them back. And when I had it -- you might have read, maybe most of you don't know this, but I had it, too.
We have already reduced the mortality rate, 85%. Think of that (clapping). Down, 85% (clapping). And our excess mortality rate is 40% lower than Europe's. And Europe has done a good job, it's a very brutal thing. Everyone though Germany was doing great, great, great, great. They're not doing great. Right now, you see what's going on over there with France, again, Spain, and Italy.
Proud citizens, like you, helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country, and we're taking it back from some very bad people. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.
Who can build better than Trump? I build. It's what I do. I build. I build nice fences, but I build great buildings. Fences are easy, believe me. I saw the other day on television, people just walking across the border, they're walking. The military is standing there, holding guns, and people just walking right in front, coming into our country.
Last week, we saw numbers showing clearly that the economy is crashing with GDP growing and plunging and all over the place. Nobody knows what's happening, especially Biden. But GDP growth was plunging by more than 50% in the first quarter this year. Nobody's seen anything like that for a long time. We now have a thing called stagflation.
Four straight years, the number of U.S. tanks that were budgeted for upgrades was zero. Does anybody remember that? Raise your hands. Do you remember that? Zero. That was under your great President Obama. Our military readiness declined and your workforce was slashed by 60 percent. But those days are over.
But remember, and Beto said, this was at the beginning before he got beat to hell. He -- I said, he thought this was easy to take. But remember when Beto said I was born for this. As soon as I hear somebody's born for running for President, I said, he's out. That's the end. Nobody's born for this. This is tough stuff.
Not only are they not going to be double, your energy prices, that's car, gasoline, because we're going to end the electric mandate immediately, OK? Your energy prices will be cut in half within 12 months from January 20th, which is when we would take over. So, your energy prices, and that's going to bring down the price of everything.
On November 8th, the arrogance of Washington, D.C. will come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter, it's time, all right? [Applause]
We can't be. We can't be. And with NATO, when they don't pay -- you know, I said I was asked a question by Wolf Blitzer, very fair question about NATO. Now you know I've been a businessman, world class. I filed my papers. They were phenomenal. Everybody says great, great, great. I built a great company, very little debt, tremendous cash flow, some of the greatest assets in the world.
Half of all of Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were eliminated. Think of it, you lost 50% of your jobs because of these guys. That's him and his group. [Audience boos] And then he says, "Oh, we're gonna do this." He'll come and say, "Oh yes, we did this, we did," he did nothing. He destroyed your industry.
When I become president, we will end illegal immigration, deport all criminal aliens and put American workers first. We will also repeal the Obama Clinton defense sequester, which took all of our military out. I mean, the military, what's happening to our military? You know we have planes, fighter jets that are so old, current fighter jets that we can't buy parts for these planes.
You kill any of our people, we're going to hit you harder than anybody's ever been hit." And he said, "But why do you send me a picture of my home?" I said, "You'll have to figure that out. You'll have to figure that one out. You're going to have to figure that one out." But you know what? After that, for 18 months, not one soldier was killed in our country.
We can do that. Jobs will return. Incomes will rise. And new factories will come rushing back to our shores. That's what we have to have. Once more, we will have a government of, by, and for the people. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again.
And Germany's going to be just fine. They're going to be just fine. But I'll never forget it. The guy wins his election, and then he hits me. So little Ben Sasse is bad news. Another one that I think is bad news is your guy Don Bacon. I think he's bad news. And I hope you vote like hell against that guy.
It's gonna be replaced. It's going to be over. It's going to be over.
That was a hard thing to watch, wasn't it? But it wouldn't have been hard if I was there. You would have liked it, right? So anyway -- but look -- but it worked out, and Fox has been terrific. And they were even terrific before. They wanted me to go, they wanted me to go. But then -- and all of a sudden, the new event took on a [Inaudible], and it wasn't broadcast in tel -- they said it was broadcast in tel -- it wasn't on television.
It began and nobody saw that. You know, you didn't, you people get shot, people get wounded, people get hurt. It's war, but nobody saw the chopping off of heads. And now you see 40 and 50 at a time on the beach, in the, in the orange uniforms. And you see things happening that you haven't seen it. It's like medieval times.
They don't want any petroleum product. They don't want coal. They probably don't even want wind with the windmills, you know. Try liking a windmill when it's 50 feet away from your house and blowing and noisy and the birds are dropping all over the place, not the greatest. We want Rispone. By supporting Eddie, you will deliver a powerful rebuke to the socialists trying to sabotage our democracy and to erase your cherished way of life in Louisiana.
You know, Herschel was very fast, very big, very fast, but he would always run around. But if perchance you couldn't run around, he would run through people I've never seen. He would carry four coal miners' sons on his back for like 12 years. They didn't know what they have banging them, they couldn't touch him.
They won't let it happen. But we'll do our best. Right? Right, Andrew? Good luck. We'll get it. We'll get it. It never made sense, does it? Can you imagine? They hold it up, they stop it. They stop it. Never made sense. That's one -- never made sense. And they don't drill. They don't frack. They're sitting on a fortune.
They just killed us. This is horrible. But I would have said at the beginning, Fellas Nothing. We get nothing.
It was amazing because, you know, the athletes, they say I left it on the field. I left it all on the field. Well, I did because I did seven major rallies for two days, seven each. Who the hell can do that? People were saying nobody else could do it. You think Biden could do it? I don't think so. [Audience responds "No"]I don't think Biden would do seven.
I will also cancel all wasteful climate change spending from Obama/Clinton. [Applause]
We will drain the Washington swamp and we will save the American dream. A dream for your children, your grandchildren. Right. A dream for your children and your grandchildren. We have the energy and the people to prove the corrupt media wrong. And that's what we have. We have an energy like no movement has ever had in this country.
Hillary Clinton supports open borders, which means many things, but it means people pour in and take your jobs, whether you like it or don't like it, they take your jobs. Her fierce opposition to school choice; you need choice. You have to get your children into good schools. You do that through competition. You need choice.
But who knows what's going to happen? I mean, maybe it'll work out, but I think we've done a good job in a short period of time. You remember it started off extremely hostile. Remember they said, "He's going to get us into a war." They thought my rhetoric was too strong. You remember.
Only in America. Don King, who supported me, Big Don, he goes, only in America can that happen. But they were wrong. But there was a mistake. There was a mistake. It turned out that the 800 person number was wrong. It looks like it's now going to be close to 1,800. [Booing]
I mean, literally, they want our military to be woke and it's just not going to happen. You read in Hawaii where they had the horrible fire, where they have people going there, and before they bring them on board, they have to study woke for a week. Can you believe this? In other words, everyone's wanting to get back to their home, finding the bodies.
You know what, I was right. We won it, we won it so. So, I just want to thank everybody. Seriously, this is a big -- that was a big deal. November 8. That was a big deal. Donald Trump has won the great state of North Carolina. The big deal. That was when you started to see the folks at a certain -- other convention, beautiful looking place.
This election is also a choice between a deadly Biden lockdown and a safe vaccine that ends. And by the way, we're rounding the turn anyway. But we have great vaccines. We have great vaccines coming. We have great vaccines coming. And it's a lot of good things are happening. And, you know, when you look at the therapeutics excuse me, you're right.
It won't work. We don't have enough electricity right now to take care of our homes and our buildings in California. Gavin Newsom has a situation that's unbelievable. He's having blackouts and brownouts every week. And now, we're supposed to, on top of it, feed cars all of this electricity. So, it doesn't make sense.
Same architect I used in Chicago. Great architects. But they didn't have war in mind. But when things happen, that building would be gone in about 15 minutes. They should have spent a $500 million bunker. Nice thick ceiling, six inches, six feet of concrete. And by the way, we have a great gentleman speaking of China, will you please stand up? Gordon, stand up please.
I love this and I love that, she loves everything. And I said she's a no, OK. No, but I look at her and she's so sincere and what happens? I vote to impeach Trump, and you know what, I didn't say who the hell knew this was even going to come up? I went through the whole Mueller hoax. They did this big report.
The values that make us love this thing, the values that make us love this thing, the values that make us love this thing, which has been a symptom of American, which has been a symptom of American, which has been a symptom of American strength throughout the world. No matter strength throughout the world, no matter strength throughout the world, no matter where you go.
I want 25% of the deal for the United States. They're going to make a fortune. They're going to make a fortune. So when they do this pipeline, it's going to be a very profitable thing. And it's really Canada oil coming down. So you know, it's not -- I want to -- I like Canada. I want these people to be happy, but I want the developers of the pipeline to give the United States a big, big chunk of the profits or even ownership rights, like I do in business.
I'm going to keep the terrorists out of our country. [Applause]
We have such tremendous support from the veterans group, from law enforcement, veterans groups from all over the country. We just had the endorsement from the Fraternal Order of Police, which represents massive amounts of police. Almost every police group, almost every veteran group.
And if we don't win this election, it will never happen again. This opportunity is never going to happen again. What I say is not lost on the American people because 70 percent of you believe our country is headed in the wrong direction. [Applause]
Ladies and gentlemen, Governor Ron DeSanctis. That's called good branding, isn't it? Did we do a good job? And we're going to make America great again, greater than ever before. That's what's going to happen. And job No. 1 is to make America safe again. For four straight years, under the Trump administration, I kept America safe.
It was all over the place, right? That's a big state, that's a great state. And then I see the fake polls, you know. They -- I just saw a poll here in Minnesota, I'm down 9, I don't think so. I mean, I just don't think so. No, they said. I don't think so. Right? I don't think so. It's a -- It's a craziest thing I've ever seen.
It's going to stop. The United States has a big invested interest in the secure, efficient, and reliable operation of the Panama Canal, and that was always understood when they gave it to Panama. Can you believe that? We would never have done it if we thought what's happening now can happen, and we would never, and we will never, ever let it fall into the wrong hands.
He said, "Donald Trump is against football." No, No, No. I'm the one that says "Open it up. Let's play football." These people practice disinformation like nobody, has ever practiced that. They're liars. I'll tell you, they lie, but we have a good chance. You have a very good commissioner, and the commission is working hard and hopefully, very soon they'll say you're going to play football, and I hope they're not leaving Michigan out because it's never the same if they do.
That's incredible. Over stuff. Think of it, over fighting an election, 2016 election. Almost every congressman, democrat said you're wrong. It was -- they made up the Russia, Russia, Russia thing. Nothing happened to them. They did things that were so bad, so illegal, nothing happens. When you look at what's going on in this country, we have two tiers of justice, and we're going to have it turned around very fast.
We're going to come down to the lowest price anywhere in the world because we did a favored nations clause. You know what that is? We will -- the drug companies don't exactly like me too much. They're spending millions of dollars on negative commercials. Please understand, when you see those commercials, it means your drug prices are coming down.
I mean, some people think there's evil intention because how can anybody be that stupid? I don't think it's evil intention. I really don't. I mean, other -- I know people in this room think it's evil intention but how can they do it? How can they allow it to happen? We give them beef, Japan. And then they send the beef back, which is not good for the quality of the beef, by the way, back and forth.
It's fine, he's fine." The young, they have strong immune systems. Get 'em back to school, please. We've learned about this horrible plague that was sent to us by China. Our excess mortality rate in America is 40% lower than Europe. You know, you keep hearing Europe is doing so well. They're no doing so well.
But I hope that's not going to -- if she doesn't win, then she's going to have long-term trouble. But she said the Democrats are crazy, and then she said, I agree with our president on border security. I agree. All of a sudden, she agrees with me. I'm in office for almost two years. All of a sudden she's agreeing.
They just never end. The Cheneys are die-hard globalists and warmongers who have been plunging us into new conflicts for decades, spilling American blood, and spending American treasure all over the world. The Cheneys, along with George Bush, didn't even have the courage to pardon Scooter Libby. He was their big protector.
She says, nope. And the main thing, think of this, she wants to let mass amnesty and citizenship. She wants all illegals to have mass amnesty. Everybody can have. Even criminals because many of them that are coming in are from prisons and jails and mental institutions, insane asylums. They hate why when I use Dr. Hannibal Lecter as a -- the late great Hannibal Lecter.
You know, it's pretty amazing when you look at the things that we've done, and we've done them together. And this has been an incredible state with incredible love, people like Steve, who I've known so long, but just incredible love with new fans and new people that have really come to the fore, and we appreciate it, Karoline.
Because we're sitting right now on a bubble, on a big fat ugly bubble. And if it explodes, it's going to be ugly. You think your businesses are doing lousy now? If that bubble explodes and it's going to happen unless I'm elected. We are going to do things that are going to be so good. And that's what I do. We've got to get down the debt.
And in the end, they're not after me, they're after you. I just happen to be standing in their way. We're going to be in this thing together. We're all in this together. We're bringing our country back. We're going to make our country greater than ever before, and it's going to go fast. We're pleased to be joined tonight by some great people, a man of courage and devotion to New Jersey.
We have everything you need for a nice tank of gasoline. We have everything you need. We have it right under our feet. I think we're going to win the auto workers. I don't know if you saw in Detroit, in Michigan, the vote, we're up 11 points in Michigan, which is pretty unusual. 11 points, because they get it. You're not going to have an automobile industry anymore if they do this.
Come on up. I like this guy. Come on. Come here.
And, you know, when I say America first everyone was saying, gee, and I never liked it from the standpoint that if you're in another country you want your country to be first by the leader, right? So nobody really understood. For years they've said America first, although I'm the one that really means it, there's a big difference. [Applause] And I said, look, it's going to be America first. We're going to renegotiate these trade deals.
We are going to change it. We are going to bring it local, and it's going to be great. And it's going to -- it's going to take place, like, immediately. It will go quickly. It will go quickly. So, it's so important. So, just in finishing this. We're bringing back our jobs. I can do that so easy. It's changed a little bit since Paris and since California, where a lot of the polls that came out, they say Trump is No. 1 on security, Trump is No. 1 on terrorism.
I built over 500 miles of wall. Walls work. Two things work. What are they? Walls and wheels. Everything else is obsolete in about 15 minutes. They come up, "Sir, I have a new computer. Look at this." Oh, I say, "That's beautiful." You get it. In about three weeks later, it's obsolete. Speaking of computers and brilliant people, Elon Musk, how good is he? [Applause] You know, he's right now campaigning.
Helped the big banks while hammering community leaders and made our cities less safe and secure for all. They've done a terrible job and they shouldn't be awarded. They should not get rewarded with an election victory on November 3rd. That shouldn't happen. It'll destroy this country. Our country will be destroyed.
He loves the people of this great state. Governor Phil Bryant. Where's Phil? Come up, Phil. Come on. Oh, he's central casting, look at him. Come here, Phil.
I hate flies. Now, I'll get in trouble for saying that. Cruelty to animals. No, it's true. You know, the other day, I was at a place, and it was a beautiful place, but they had like flies. And I said, "Get fly paper." They said, "Sir, they're not allowed to sell it anymore because of cruelty to animals." They actually said that.
And by the way, Wisconsin, so many states are now finding this thing was rigged. But think of it. So, Pennsylvania, Kim, you wouldn't let this happen. So, Pennsylvania rules and strongly that, OK, it was wrong. And by the way, far more votes than needed for victory. Very close. I was up almost 1 million votes at 10:00 in the evening with 73% of the vote in. Then all of a sudden, boom.
And all of these local Democrat run cases are being directed by Washington DC. It's part of the witch hunt. They've gone on the largest witch hunt in history. I have gone through the largest witch hunt in the history of our country, and it's a disgrace. And a friend of mine, a very smart guy came up to me and said, "You've been going through this for six and a half years.
People liked me much better. And it was my bible signed by my mother with my address on it. And what they don't know is those days, it was -- everything was so nice. Nobody took anything. Today you need addresses and things. Yeah, it's a little different. It's a little different out there. So we're going to do things differently.
It's going to be a Trump wall. OK? It's going to be a real wall, I know how to do it, believe me. You know something I never talk about, OPO, the old post office, a great building in Washington D.C. In between -- exactly in between the White House and the Capitol, on Pennsylvania Avenue.
We have a bunch of babies running our country, folks. We have bunch of losers! They're losers! They're babies! We have a president, all he wants to do is campaign! His wife, all she wants to do is campaign! If Hillary Clinton gets elected, we've got four more years of Obama, we have a disaster. We have ISIS all over! [Booing] We won't win anymore. And your taxes are going up, and she wants to double up and triple up on Obama care
And at the end of two, three minutes, it's over. And they would stand up, and they' take these thugs into paddy wagons, and they'd bring them the hell out of our country, and they'll get them out [Applause]. And the problem we had, as you probably heard, was that the countries wouldn't take them back.
It's just horrible what's taken place. It's horrible. It's evil. We're going to get it back to common sense. We're going to have law and order. Thank you. Great question. Thank you. Great question. Yes, ma'am.
You know China does not obey the rules. Now, I get along great with China. I made a fortune dealing with China. I have two buildings because of China. Big ones in New York and one in San Francisco, Bank of America that I have in partnership with a great company and it's because of China. I sell -- I have the biggest one of the big leases with one of their big banks.
I will totally obliterate the deep state. We started -- we fired Comey. We got rid of a lot of scum. Before I even arrive at the Oval Office, shortly after I win the presidency, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled. It's going to be settled. I know them both. It's going to be settled quickly.
Can you believe that? They did it, we've done a job, and you've done a job, and we're working together. We love you all and we love this state and thank you very much. Thank you very much. And by the way, we're leading in Florida. You know we're leading in Florida, right? [Audience chants "USA"] [Audience chants "We love you"] Thank you.
Everybody else isn't. And when these guys, when these guys give money to politicians, to a large extent they own those politicians. They will do whatever the hell the special interests and the donors want. It's not going to happen with me. So Social Security, we're saving it. Medicare, we're saving it. We're going to make our country rich, OK? Thank you, sweetheart.
[Inaudible] Hillary. She's terrible. I watched her last night in the debate. We probably have some Sanders fans, right? Do we have any? Because that's OK. No? Because you're pretty close to his territory. You're pretty close. You know, I'll tell you, I'm not a fan, but I will tell you this. We have one thing in common.
Gasoline prices, grocery prices, electricity prices, mortgage rates, and virtually everything else are up 30% to 100% since I left office. 8.4 million Americans are now working second jobs, the highest in more than 30 years. The real wages of African American workers are down by over 6%, short period of time.
So, we hope to see a ceasefire soon and to reestablish stability in Europe and the Middle East. But as I -- thank you very much. And as I've said before, it's my hope that my greatest legacy will be as a peacemaker and a unifier. That would be a great legacy. So, in conclusion, the golden age of America is upon us, and I'm inviting everyone here today and every citizen across our land to take part in the most extraordinary period of peace, prosperity, growth, innovation, wealth creation, and expansion the world has ever seen.
They're dumping. We're like a dumping ground. The United States has become a dumping ground for the prisoners of other countries, because they don't want to spend the money to take care of these people for the next 50 years. How stupid are we? And we built hundreds of miles of border wall. We did a great job.
Did you ever hear of anything like that? You saw the other day the weightlifter and this young woman, 19-year record. Well, I don't know what it is, 200 and some odd pounds. It's a lot. It's a lot for a man or for a woman to lift, but it's a lot. And this record stood, woman's record, for years, 19 years or something.
And it was a spectacular site and I appreciate it very much, really. It was pretty good. You got our people by surprise. I don't know if they were thrilled right at the beginning, but they were thrilled as we, as we sailed along very, very calmly and safely. And I'm deeply honored to receive from you Egypt's highest state honor, the Order of the Nile.
There might be a couple of us [Inaudible] biggest vote in history. And above all, we won a resounding mandate to make America great again, which is what we're doing. And every day since I've been fighting to turn the promise made into the ultimate promise kept. We're going to do our job. We have a big job to do. We've done really well.
I also want to pay my love and respect to the great Rush Limbaugh, who is watching closely and smiling down on us. He's watching, and he's loving it. And he loves Kathryn. Kathryn, thank you for being here. So great. Thank you, Kathryn. He loved you, Kathryn. I will tell you that. So fantastic. Thank you, Kathryn, very much.
And I will sign executive orders to end child sexual mutilation, get transgender out of the military and out of our elementary schools and middle schools and high school. And we will keep men out of women's sports. [Audience chants "Trump"]
But our blue-collar workers believe their lives are headed in the right direction, and the poll numbers are massive. We've increased exports of clean, beautiful coal, one of our great resources, that they wanted to close up by -- listen to this, by 60 percent in just this little short period of time, six-oh.
We're going to be growing it even more. More than people ever thought. It's a really hot industry. And for a little while, two nights ago, we were a little concerned because we were a little short on votes. Like I would say maybe we were about nine short, nine short at three in the morning. We were about four short at 3:30 in the morning.
Hey, I take his interest, right. You want to know the truth. So the truth is, they are totally controlled, 100%. And you can practically go to Washington they'll tell you, "Who's the lobbyist for Rubio?" And that's, "Oh, you could use this one, this one, this one." They will produce. Here's the thing. With me, no lobbyists.
The setbacks really started when President Obama signed the Iran nuclear deal. This was a disaster for Israel, and it was a disaster for everyone. And I remember that Bibi Netanyahu came to the United States and worked so hard to try and get Obama not to do that deal. He worked so hard. And, but it was like talking to a wall.
The only time we get those cameras to turn. Look at the size of this place. This is really great. This is really great. Get him out. Get him out. Get him out. All right. Thank you. Thank you. That's all right. Take it easy. Take it easy, folks. You know, if I could speak to these people for a little while, what do we want, when you think of it? We want good education.
One of the worst transactions ever signed in the history of our country. Probably not as bad as will be proven in the future as this horrible incompetent Iran deal. But we'll get that. We'll get to that a little bit later. That's another beauty. Honestly, these people don't know what they're doing. They don't know what they are doing.
You can put a curve on it, you can do whatever the hell you want, and the cops in Chicago, you saw it, they were going like this. It was terrible and they're not allowed to fight back. They're not allowed to fight back. These guys if they fight back, nobody's going to be there very long throwing things, but they throw -- but they're professionals, they're anarchists, and they're paid for by outside stupid, rich people that -- they're stupid people.
From Alaska, the great Sarah Palin. Where is she? Thank you, Sarah. With the help of everyone here today, 25 days from now, think of it, 25 days, we are going to defeat Kamala Harris, who has no clue what the hell is going on. I have to tell you. Did you see where she did a town hall yesterday and she used a teleprompter? I never saw a town -- you don't use teleprompters.
You're not irredeemable. You're not irredeemable. You're not deplorable.
Politics business were now for 10 months, politics and I have to tell you that I have met and I have to tell you that I have met and I have to tell you that I have met some of the most incredible competitors, some of the most incredible Competitors, some of the most incredible competitors that I have ever competed against, right, that I have ever competed against, right, that I have ever competed against right here one of the Republican Party and we here one of the Republican Party and we here one of the Republican Party and we started off with that 17 number and just started off with that 17 number and just started off with that 17 number.
Just yesterday, it was reported that more than 1,000 members of the savage Venezuelan gang Tren de Aragua are plotting to conduct ambush attacks on police and law enforcement in the United States. All the while, Harris and Biden sit in the White House and try and figure out who's dumber. They sit in the White House.
Thank you, Markwayne. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, Markwayne. And we have Representatives Bryan Steil. How are you doing with the ActBlue or whatever it's called? You got to get it done before the election. He's working on one of the biggest scandals in the country. It's like where the Democrats put money into ActBlue or whatever the hell they call it and massive amounts of money.
I will tell you that. They take big advantage but not so much anymore. We're winning. We're winning like never before. Washington Democrats keep on losing their minds. They hate the fact that we're winning. We're winning big. We're winning, winning, winning. And that is why millions of registered Democrat voters are leaving their party to join our movement.
What is going on? [Audience Boos] And not only, not only did she delete them, but she bleached them. Something that most people have never even heard about. And she destroyed her phones, many the old fashioned way, with a hammer. Did anyone ever hear this before? This is beneath the dignity of the Oval Office.
Fur coats, non-fur coats, everything they're carrying. They empty out the stores and we -- our police are incredible. But they're not allowed to do their job. They want to do their job so badly. They're standing there. They're shaking. They want to do their job. Be so easy to do. But they're not allowed to do their job because of these radical lunatics we have thinking they're doing the right thing.
They can throw it up and they use the wooden cogs. They don't use the screw, because they want to make everything themselves, right? And that is the most beautiful place. Really, you do great work. Thank you very much. We appreciate it. In 2016, Pennsylvania voted to fire this corrupt, far left, political establishment and you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first, okay?
I actually tell our people, we don't need your vote. We got so many votes, we don't need them. We just don't want to see votes stolen. We don't want to say, steal the vote. We're not letting it happen. We're not going to let it happen. It's not happening again. Our country can't take it, and we're not going to let it happen again.
But NATO -- so I said I know enough. And sometimes knowing a little is better than knowing too much. You understand, you can't see the forest through the trees, right? So I said NATO in my opinion is obsolete because it's not covering terrorism. Obsolete for that reason and also you have many countries that aren't paying their fair share, they're not paying what they're supposed to be paying.
Hillary believes in donors first and special interests and lobbyists. She will never straighten out our country. She doesn't have the strength, the stamina or the ability to straighten out our country. We'll have four more years of Obama and that's just what we don't want. [Booing]
And Leo called me up, sir, you can do better than that. I said what am I going to do? [Laughter] I'm going to get one where he really likes it, but he always says everyone else says that's amazing. Except for Leo. He says, sir, you could have gotten more. Oh good. Thanks, Leo. [Laughter] But we've launched sweeping civil rights and Title 9 investigations into more than 60 colleges going on currently and universities to stop their violations of civil liberties and First Amendment freedoms.
It always happens. I mean, I've seen it almost 100% of the time. It's what their original thought is. I will always protect Medicare and Social Security, just like I have, for our great seniors. Nobody's ever heard me say, and I ran, you know, in some pretty good races, and nobody has me saying, "I'm voting against Medicare and Social Security." To stop the Marxist prosecutors who release rapists and murderers while persecuting conservatives and people of religion, Catholics.
He's given massive subsidies to windmills all over the country that are ruining our beautiful plains, our beautiful land, our beautiful oceans. Whales aren't exactly in love with them. How about in new Jersey, where they had one whale in 50 years that washed up to shore? And last year, they had 18. Would you say there's something going on? Little.
You've got to go vote. Don't take any chances. We've got to get them in. But they're up pretty good. This is a hell of a state, I'll tell you that. These people... I also want to thank your great governor. I had dinner with him the other night. We were with a group of people. It was a fascinating dinner.
Would anybody do that here? Let me ask you. This is Michigan. These guys wouldn't do it, but they always get on me. They say, "Why is he talking about electricity and sharks? What do they have?" Well, they know exactly. It's sort of a cute little story. Do I take electrocution? Or do I take death by a shark?
But the big thing is we're building our military stronger than ever before, all of these things are happening. We're taking care of our laws. we're putting great judges on the course. We got Judge Kavanaugh, hopefully in great shape.
But there's not a lot of flavor and not a lot of fervor with Hillary so you don't have too much of Hillary. I'll tell you. So, anyway. Thank you. Where do these people come from? But I want to introduce two friends of mine. They've done an incredible, an incredible job. They love Cleveland. They love Ohio.
It is the history of our country, it is the history of our country. It is the greatest movement in the history of our greatest movement in the history of our greatest movement in the history of our country. But it all would end if you country, but it all would end if you country, but it all would end if you don't get out.
We can't allow this to happen in this country. But the fact is, the important vote to me is the vote on November 5th because it's going to turn out to be the single most important day in the history of our country, and we're going to get things straightened out. We're like in the Soviet Union. That's what's happened in this country.
4 billion people. "And why don't you have a drug problem?" He says, "Death penalty, quick trial." "What's a quick trial?" "The dealer is immediately put on trial." They don't have nine years of legal and then another nine years of appeals, you know, 22 years later, and then they're released. No, no, this is -- they don't play games.
You know, it's interesting, gun control because the bad guys are going to have the guns. People that are good, people that are really wonderful, they'll go get licensed. And then they'll hear, "Oh, gee, they didn't make enough income. Well, they didn't make some crap." They won't be -- the bad guys are going to walk into your house with a gun, you're going to say, "Gee, I wished I would have given me a gun.
Do you know what the Green New Scam is? She actually wants $93 trillion. Think of this. That's bigger than our budget for like 100 years. Ninety-three. You know who made it up? AOC plus three. [Audience boos] "Did you go to college on the environment?" "No." "Do you have anything to do -- " This is AOC, right? "Do you have anything to do with the environment?" "No. No, but I've decided that this is the way it is."
Do you have some good lawyers over there? I could use some good lawyers, right? Ah, to hell with it. I just have to suffer through it the way I have all my life. Somewhere along the line, they must be pretty good, right? Jonathan Ward, Atlas Organization. Jonathan, thank you. Great job you've done.
You see what happened in Israel? They shot 3,000 missiles, and they knocked down almost all of them. And we're entitled to that also, you know, and it was our idea, by the way. And Ronald Reagan wanted to do it many years ago, but unfortunately then it sounded like Star Wars. He was ahead of his time, actually.
They did everything they could to obstruct. And sadly, Biden is now systematically surrendering every single advantage that I really brilliantly got. They don't give me any credit these fakers back here. But we got it. It was brilliant. It was smart. It was street-wise. You could call it whatever you want.
Inflation will surge into double digits in our own country, and your quality of life will absolutely collapse. Your quality of life is going to collapse under these lunatics. [Audience member calls out "It already has."]
You know you don't hear that. They never quote -- they never quote the CNN poll. They always like to quote other polls where they're are a lot closer or whatever but would do on. I think we're going to do very well I think I was going to be a tremendous success. We're up there all the time. I'm going there tomorrow.
Our veterans have been treated terribly. [Audience Chants "Trump"] Thank you. We are going to provide school choice and put an end to common core. We're bringing our education local.
Come on General Motors, let's go. General Motors gave us a little hard time with one building, I wasn't happy about that. It was the only building I had a problem within the whole car industry, right? You know the one I'm talking about. I didn't like that. Anyway, but they're spending money. You know, what can I tell you.
We are going to be protected. We are going to be strong. We are going to be strong. We are going to take care of our great veterans. Our veterans have been horribly treated. When it comes to keeping America safe, I believe in three very important words: Peace through strength. But a strong country, we have to be a rich country.
But the job he's done on Judges is a man -- say is the most important thing. You see I don't agree with him. I say defense is the most, the military's the most, but once you're beyond the military. I mean to me, defense is the most important because without good defense, maybe we don't need judges so much, right?
We're going to take it over. And we're also going to rebuild our cities into beacons of hope and safety and beauty, better than they have ever been. We'll work with Democrat mayors. They're all run -- they're all run by the Democrats. Unlike Nikki Haley, who doesn't have what it takes and never did, actually, I will always defend Medicare and Social Security for our seniors.
You're like, publicly, you said, "Okay." There is nobody -- David understands this, too. She fought. What a trooper. She was so tough and smart. Uh, she even went against Mitt Romney. She didn't like Mitt Romney too much. She said, she said -- I won't say what she said. But it was tough. But she is, uh, we call 'em kryptonite.
This afternoon, I'm delighted to be with you at Cape Canaveral, in this storied home of American daring, aspiration, and drive.
Every policy. Thank you very much. We do love our country, isn't it? That's why we're here. I didn't need this. I had a very nice, easy life. It's -- this is something I didn't need. And a lot of you people don't need either. But we love our country, and we have to take care of our country. We have to save our country.
These are people that know me the best. I mean, New York. I went to school in Pennsylvania. My daughter currently is going to school in Pennsylvania. Tiffany. My son went to school in Pennsylvania. Eric went to school in Pennsylvania. They also -- they also went to the Hill School, which is a great school, with those people.
We have, hey, General Patton. How long do you think -- how long do you think ISIS would last with the great General George Patton? With the great General Douglas MacArthur? Believe me. But around 1919, they had a problem with Islam. I mean, they had a problem with terrorism. Radical Islamic terrorism, OK? They had a big, big problem.
They don't do -- I don't say you get -- can you imagine if they want to go to the Middle East and do jobs all over the place? I'd have hotels being built in every city, in every country in the world and I have great kids and they're ambitious kids. They'd like to do it, I say you can't do it. And by the way, there's no legal reason you can't do it.
So I think the reason we've been doing well and doing quite well in the polls and leading by a lot with almost everybody is that I talk about what we have to do for our country and our country is in deep trouble. We owe $19 trillion. Most people don't even know what a trillion dollars is. You know, how many hundreds of millions is in a trillion?
It's all built. We got it. Not only did we get it approved, I got the building built, I said, find the building on a site that we own and they came to me. You know that story they're going to spend $2 billion to build an embassy. As that sounds like a lot -- and I called our great ambassador, I said David, do we have any land in Jerusalem?
Oh, that's good because, you know, Pennsylvania's a very late voting state, which I like, actually. For obvious reasons, I like that. So, that's all so -- Okay. Who has not voted yet? Who doesn't intend to vote? Who's not gonna vote? Oh, you better say that. You'd be in big trouble in this crowd. So, who's going to vote for Trump?
Michigan House Republican leader, Matt Hall. Are we going to win Matt? That's -- he gave me a good summary. He said, "You're going to win, sir." You know they have these fake polls. They're almost as bad as the fake writers, the fake news. We interviewed 49 Democrats for a poll. We interviewed 49 Democrats and 21 Republicans.
I've taken in billions and billions of dollars over the last two years. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. They don't want to write about it. They don't want to write about it. They're not allowed to write about it. Their bosses, whoever their bosses may be, they're not allowed to write about it. Who sold out Michigan to China, he sold you out.
They will be joining me on this stage in a little while and I look forward to introducing -- these are amazing, amazing people. Countless Americans who have died in recent years would be alive today, if not for the open-border policies of this administration, and the administration that causes this horrible, horrible thought process.
I will deliver optimism, opportunity, and hope. Speaking of hope, Hope Hicks is here. Where's Hope Hicks? Where is Hope Hicks? The Great Hope Hicks. You know she was tested positive, but she's OK. Where's Hope? We want Hope, right? We want Hope. I used to say, we want Hope and all these crazy people said, yeah, we want Hope.
Has anyone ever heard of Steve? Where's Steve? Hello. Hi, Steve. A big, powerful voice he's got. His show is phenomenal, "War Room." And thank you, Steve. There's nobody like Steve. Thank you very much, Steve. And a Phoenix police officer who was shot eight times in the line of duty, Tyler Moldovan, who I just saw backstage.
Yeah, to put it mildly.
New Mexico, Minnesota, where this lunatic comes from. I'm doing well in -- you know why I'm doing well in Minnesota? Because he's running. They are actually supposed to be the opposite way, right? If Kamala Harris gets four more years, she will annihilate the Pennsylvania energy industry, [Audience boos] plunging communities across the Commonwealth into darkness and despair.
I want to make money or I want to break even at worst, OK? So I tell people if you had like a lightweight Rubio as president, he would -- he's all controlled by the special interests, 100%. He gets all his money -- remember, I'm self-funding. They're not paying me anything. So he gets his money. If you have a guy like Ted Cruz getting a lot of money from -- a lot from oil and other places.
Well, there is evil there, but they're vicious, they're smart, and they do one thing. Got to hand it to them. They always stick together. You don't have Mitt Romneys in the group. They always stick together. Fortunately for the Republican Party, the Democrats have horrible policies like open borders, sanctuary cities, defunding the police, and the ridiculous -- totally ridiculous Green New Deal.
Even if they haven't arrived yet, they will be, because you're talking about 21 million people at least just during this three-and-a-half-year period. If you want someone who steals your wealth and abandons your family when the floodwaters rise, those floodwaters rise and they were gone. They haven't seen anybody from the federal government yet.
And by the way why aren't they bidding? Tell me why. Because, and my doctor friend said, "I don't understand it, Donald." As soon as you explain to me I said you've got to be kidding. But then I told him exactly why. I said because the senators and the congressmen get massive amounts of money from the drug companies.
There was no way. Now Texas, you all said that I was going to lose Texas by a lot.
Look at this, New Hampshire, we won; South Carolina, we won; Nevada, Nevada, we won in a massive landslide. That was supposed to be for lying Ted Cruz, lying Ted. He holds up the Bible and then he puts it down and he lies. I don't like that. And you know what, that's why I'm winning virtually every category with the Evangelicals who I love.
I had to do my job, and I said, "You know, I could catch this thing. And if I do, I do, and I'm gonna get better fast." I didn't know I was gonna get better that fast. That was pretty good. I was like in and out and, you know, I had a dose -- I wasn't feeling great, but I got better. And it used to be they'd said, "You have lifetime immunity," right? "You're, it's immu -- you're immune." Now, it's different.
Everybody? If they weren't, they wouldn't be congressmen in good standing for very long. I'll tell you that. We stopped asylum fraud and we deported 20,000 gang members and 423,000 criminal aliens. We got them the hell out of our country. But if Biden is elected, all of this security will quickly vanish.
It's not looking good. They have so many of those damn signs. Every place I look they have the sign on somebody's lawn. You'd better get up to -- know, Michigan hasn't been lost in decades by the Dems. By the Dems. Hasn't been lost. And if you remember this was my last stop. This was it. And I'll never forget this was a spur of the moment because I heard crooked Hillary and Bill, Barack Obama and Michelle -- they were all headed here, right, at the last moment.
Can you believe it? And I asked him a couple of questions I said, Elon, let me ask you a question. Can Russia do that? "No." Can China do that? "No." Can anybody do that, other than you? "Nobody else can do it. Nobody else can do it," pretty good. And he said, "And they won't be able to for 10 years," you said, right?
They don't even talk about monetary manipulation. And that's where they beat us. That's how they beat us more than any other place. We make better products than they do. They beat us with monetary manipulation. And I'll tell you one of the great achievements for me is gonna be when Apple starts, in particular, because they make everything.
I guess I don't know and then I got accused of being nasty because I called them low energy, but you need high energy people. You need high energy. Okay, so let's say it's for sure, let's say it's Rubio lightweights. Let's say it's, let's say it's Hillary, that's the ultimate lightweight.
We didn't do that. For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight, and we are going to win, win, win. That's all we're going to do is win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down.
McKinley tariffed the hell. He said, "I don't want countries coming in here and raping our country and stealing our jobs." That was William McKinley. And it used to be Mount McKinley in Alaska. They took that name off and that's too bad. Or as he said even more simply, "We ought to take care of our own nation and her industries first before we start taking care of other countries." And I really, I'm a fan of William McKinley.
Every penny of Biden's plan will be funded by American citizens, taken out of your pockets, your paychecks, your wallets, it's taken. What they're doing is crazy. This country cannot afford this. We can't afford it. We all have a big heart. We want to take care of people, but it's not sustainable. We won't have a country any longer.
Think of this. Thousands, millions of cars, they're going to sell them into the United States, destroy Michigan. If Michigan doesn't vote for me, I tell you. I am -- I'm going to make Michigan richer than anybody. I think even richer than you, I hate to say it. Michigan, they're going to -- we're going to bring back the whole car business.
I could ask Robert, "What the hell is wrong with that stuff?" You know exactly what I'm talking about. The day they put it up, it must be the sun, the heat, something, but it also gets hit and it's laying out on the roads. I'm saying, "Can you imagine? You're the prime minister, you're the king, the queen of a country.
It's already begun. We will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. With God's help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. Your Second Amendment, which is totally under siege.
But not if somebody else is president, it'll be a disaster. To slash burdens on workers and businesses, we will cut 10 old regulations for every one new regulation. So, I cut more regulations during my four-year term than any other president in history during any term. And we're going to keep it going.
... and you know what's gonna happen? Because I'm a free trader. A lot of people don't believe that. I'm a free trader. But our politicians have made such horrible trade deals that they're killing our workers, they're killing our companies and our companies are being forced to move. Including the fact that taxes are so high.
He said he's the greatest that we've ever seen. For 20 years, we are spending at NATO, went like this, right? And America, if we pick it up, you know every time it goes down, they didn't pay. I said, "We're supposed to protect you, you're going to be attacked by Russia. Somebody was supposed to protect you and yet you're delinquent, you don't pay your bills." and that includes Germany, they're paying 1% they're supposed to pay 2, and 2% is way too low, 2% military spending.
I sent Javelins, and they sent -- well, you know what the Javelins are, the anti-tank weapons. They knock the hell out of those tanks. And Ukraine wouldn't be having a chance without them. That was all sent by me, all of it. We sent other military equipment, too. We didn't send our soldiers, but we sent them a lot of equipment.
But I love this crowd, and I love that crowd too. I tell you, they have a great love for -- They have a great love, they have a great leader and they have a great love for the people of this country, where that was really a worthwhile trip. With us tonight are both of your incredible U.S. Senators, two incredible friends, two warriors Senator Lindsey Graham and Senator Tim Scott.
It's so great that you asked that, and with such enthusiasm, and everything, etc. So, remember this, there are far more of you than you think. You don't see them. I know people in Beverly Hills. I see them on television. We will stop Trump, but they go in and vote for me, you know. No, it's true.
Do you ever see a guy, he change his mind on fracking? OK. "There will be no fracking." You know that. He went all through the debates. He doesn't even know what fracking is, I guarantee you. He was told to say that by Berni and the radical left. By the way, how bad is she? She is the worst. You know we're going to have a woman president someday, not going to be her, not going to be her.
It's possible they'll say no, in which case we'll say, "Sorry, we can't do it. We can't do it." And if they arm, they arm. And frankly, you have the maniac in North Korea, we take care of South Korea too, we have 28,000 soldiers on the line. But you have the guy in North Korea, and he's probably crazy, gotta be pretty smart.
It's positive for their ratings. It's really a good thing, but they don't want to do it, but I give up on it. You know what you do? You hear it because you can't have -- you know when sleepy Joe Biden -- he's got the circles. Do you know those big circles? And do you know why he has the circles? He's got four of them because they can't -- I mean think of it.
I said -- They'll put out, "The President broke down in tears tonight, as they chanted. We love you. No, we don't want -- I mean, you know, I guess it's okay. But somehow we don't wanna, we don't wanna have a crying president, I don't think. We don't want a pr -- uh, right now we don't want, we have too many things to do, (laughs). But I do, it's never been her.
You're freestanding. It doesn't -- but I imitate him, and I, you know, walk into a wall, and the next day they write, "Donald Trump could not find his way off the stage." No, no. So, I don't even do it anymore. It's a -- these are crooked people. And yet, with him, they're trying to say that all of these horrible blunders that he's made over the last week, you don't have to go back much, that -- that he was improperly covered.
Twelve more years. Let's look at that. Look at the press. Look. Hey Mike, look at the fake news back there. It's a lot. I always say, I always say that's like the Academy Awards used to be. This year, we had a movie, they said best movie. They announced the movie from South Korea. So, what's that all about?
Please stand. Stephen. Oh, you look good, Stephen. I had them as my guests at Mar-a-Lago, and we sit down. We sat down. We listened to music all night, right? And we thought about your loved ones. It was really a beautiful evening, actually. But thank you, Stephen, very much for being here. And we love you all.
They're like -- you wind them up and they run for office. They don't do anything when they get there. I know them better than anybody. So they say they didn't like the way that, you know, I'm a little loud.
Thanks to this collaborative effort, 11 gang members are now facing hard time in prison. Maria, great job. We've all been reading about it. Very, very exceptional. Thank you. Thank you very much. [Applause] James Clark with the Better Family Life initiative is here as well. James? Thank you very much, James. [Applause]
To destroy your country. We created the best, safest, and most secure border in U.S. history. We built hundreds of miles of border wall. In fact, we completely finished our original wall plan despite two and a half years of Democrat-inspired lawsuits, and I won all of the lawsuits, 11 of them. We won. So, it took us two and a half years because of their lawsuits, obstructionists.
I'm very proud to have so many former governors in my Cabinet. Vice President Pence, as you know, big governor from a very great state -- I state I like very much -- Indiana. Nikki Haley at the U.N. -- is Nikki here someplace? I think so -- yes. We have Rick Perry -- is going before. We're trying to get people approved, we can't get them out. But Rick is going to do a fantastic job. Sonny Purdue will be joining the Cabinet very soon. Terry Branstad will be our ambassador to China. And an interesting story on Terry -- every time I spoke in Iowa, he'd say, please don't say anything bad about China. [Laughter] I said, what do you mean? What do you mean? He said, I like China and we do a lot of business with China. "And really, just don't" -- and I said, "hmm." So when it came down to picking an ambassador, I called him up, I said, you like China. And I can tell you, China is very, very happy with our choice. So we made everybody happy. [Applause] Right? These governors -- thank you. And thank you, Terry.
People are coming in, but we're getting them out. We have MS-13 on the run. They poured in here with Obama. We have them on the run because we love the men and women of ICE. A blue wave in November means open borders, which means massive crime. A red wave means safety and strength. That's what it is.
Because, if you were born in Kenya, you got into colleges and you got aid. Very simple.
We should not do it. And the most important weapon that they have to kill our industry and to destroy us on trade is monetary manipulation, devaluation of their currencies, and they are grandmasters. The greatest of all time is China. But Mexico's getting really good at it. Japan is a total professional.
All we have to do is say pay. Nobody ever says to them pay. You don't even hear that. I say pay, and they'll pay too. You have to equal it. It's just one example of the border bill, the monstrosity that we're dealing with. 2 million illegals crossed the border every single year in the past, and now that number is changing to maybe eight times that amount.
But they used that as a ruse. Now, they don't have to use that. All they have to do is say close the border. They don't need a bill, I didn't have a bill. I closed the border, I said close the border. Border Patrol by the way is fantastic. You know they want to do their job. ICE wants to do their fantastic -- she wants to get rid of ICE. [Audience boos]
I mean World Trade Center, if you look at what happened in California recently, San Bernardino, you look at that. It's a radicalization like nobody's ever seen before. It's more -- it's a radicalization. It's a hatred. It's a hatred. It's a deep-seated hatred. And President Obama is trying to make terrorism into guns and it's not guns, folks.
So now we're going to a special place in my heart, Space Force, because nobody even thought about Space Force and I looked at it, and I said, "We're going to have to come up -- we're going to have to do something because I look at what China was doing, and Russia was doing, others are thinking about doing," and I want to just thank you very much.
We won -- we won freedom from those forts, and they changed the name. So horrible. Defeated fascism and communism, mastered space flight. Created Space Force, that was mine, first time in 78 years. And made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. But now, we are a nation in serious decline.
A Trump administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And, yes, we will build the wall. And, yes, Mexico will pay for the wall. [Applause]
I go to Walter Reed and I see him and a young man whose legs were blown off. How are you doing? Sir, I want to get back to -- I tell you the spirit of these people. It may even top the farmers. It may even top the farmers. But he was responsible more than anybody else, 90% they say, of these roadside bombs sent to fight us. He was responsible and he took a hard hit.
In every decision we make, we are honoring America's proud farming legacy. Years of crushing taxes, crippling regulations -- and it's never been worse than it was before I got here; it was horrible -- and corrupt politics left our communities hurting, our economy stagnant, and millions of hardworking Americans completely forgotten.
These people are sick. And you do, you have garbage laying up and down the border. Anytime you had anything, it was a piece of paper laying, they say it was a renovation [Audio gap] you -- we did an unbelievable job. [Audio gap] our numbers are so good are that. And of course, I [Audio gap] soldiers free of charge from Mexico.
The papers are going to be signed tomorrow morning. We're putting a 100% tariff for tax. Close enough. We're putting a 100% tariff tax on every wine, all of your wine, all of your champagne. Oh, we're going to miss it. We're going to miss it because at a hundred percent, you're not going to be sending so much to us like you do now." "We'd like to think about this." They called -- up within an hour, and the whole tax thing was gone.
I'm getting the hell you did a great job. I'm getting the hell you did a great job. I'm getting the hell out of here now cuz. I want to be back out of here now cuz, I want to be back out of here now cuz, I want to be back campaigning, I'm gonna get out campaigning, I'm gonna get out campaigning, I'm gonna get out, congratulations.
We should've been doing the same thing to them. But we didn't. True. Right? Hard to believe. It's hard to believe. But now things are different. Now we're negotiating with China. They wouldn't negotiate with previous administrations. But I found some very old laws from when our country was rich -- really rich.
Well, it's not supposed to be blank. There were numerous bad signatures or mail-in ballot envelopes that should not have been counted. These are all things that they have. 2,081 votes were cast by people who had moved out of the state. Oh, that's wonderful. But we're talking about Arizona. You're supposed to live in Arizona. 10, 324 voters might have voted in multiple counties.
And the people that -- I was in a room of people when they first put the tape on because you have a lot to choose from. There's so much crime and so much horrible crime with the migrant crime. I call it migrant crime. And we saw that, and I had some of the toughest people. And like 75 percent of them were absolutely crying all over the place.
That's all you're doing is you're voting for Crooked Joe Biden. A vote for Trump is a vote to fire Crooked Joe and put America first and make America great again. That's what it is. [Audience cheers]
Great. Great job. Thank you. Oh, she was driving me a little bit batty. She'd call me up. Kim, you'd call. What about ethanol? I said Kim, I mean, I'm doing a lot for that place. No, no, we want it, and then, we want biofuel. Then, she's asking for things I never even heard of, but we got them all. Whatever the hell she wanted, right?
Many Americans do not realize that the United States government is among the largest holders of bitcoin. Does anyone know that? How about that? The federal government is almost 210,000 bitcoin or one percent of the total supply that will ever exist. But for too long, our government has violated the cardinal rule that every bitcoiner knows by heart.
You got to get out, and I like to say get out on Tuesday because it's harder for them to cheat if you go and vote in person. If you send in those ballots, that stuff, if you send it in, it's better to vote if you can on Tuesday. If you can't, send it in any way. This Tuesday, you have to crush the communists at the ballot box.
Do you know how the caravan started? Does everybody know what this means? I think the Democrats had something to do with it. And now they're saying, I think we made a big mistake. Because people are seeing how bad it is, how pathetic it is, how bad our laws are, they made a big mistake. So as the caravan -- and, look, that is an assault on our country.
And what's interesting is that. At least now he knows the wall is going up. He didn't say we're not going to allow a wall. In other words, we've come a long way. He now said, "He's not going to pay for the wall." Before he used to say, "We will not allow a wall." Now he says, "We will pay for the wall." He will pay for the wall, folks.
These are brutal people, great negotiators, great business people, but not nice people, they're not the happiest people. They are very rich, they are very smart. I would use them to negotiate against Japan. I would get one of them, bing, you're here, you're here, you're here like checkers, like -- like chess.
Just ask the Border Patrol about Hillary Clinton. You won't like what you're hearing. The result will be millions more illegal immigrants thousands of more violent, horrible crimes, and total chaos and lawlessness. That's what's going to happen as sure as you're standing there. [Audience yells "Boo"] This election and I believe this, is our last chance to secure the border, stop illegal immigration, and reform our laws to make your life better.
She lied to Congress under oath. And her staff has taken the Fifth Amendment and got immunity deals. She had so many immunity deals there was nobody left. Everybody got immunity.
We should work together with any nation in the region that is threatened by the rise of radical Islam. But this has to be a two-way street. They must also be good to us. Remember that. They have to be good to us, no longer one way. It's now two-way. And remember, us and all we're doing, they have to appreciate what we've done to them. We're going to help, but they have to appreciate what we've done for them. The struggle against radical Islam also takes place in our homeland. There are scores of recent migrants inside our borders charged with terrorism. For every case known to the public, there are dozens and dozens more. We must stop importing extremism through senseless immigration policies. We have no idea where these people are coming from. There's no documentation. There's no paperwork. There's nothing. We have to be smart. We have to be vigilant.
In the great state of Arizona, where I was just a couple of days ago and where I'm going, premiums are going up by more than 116 percent. [Booing]
Who would think that that's a good thing, right? Who would think that that's a good thing? And I always say, you know, I have to say it now because it's a factor, we will protect parental rights. Who the hell wouldn't protect parental rights? Why would you even have to say that, right? You know, why do you have to say that?
Right now, America eliminates its tariffs, but then other countries tax our goods with backdoor tariffs and close their markets. Our massive, chronic trade deficits are destroying the middle class -- and shifting money away from workers to large corporations who have no borders. There's a reason hedge funds and Wall Street are giving tens of millions to my opponent. Hillary Clinton is the voice for the global special interests.
He's devastated. He's afraid to do anything. But if you look, the Venezuelans have taken over. And they walk in with guns, the biggest guns that I've ever seen. They had guns that were supreme. They call them supreme guns, AK-47 supreme. They have stuff. I don't know where the hell they get this stuff.
And I've ordered federal agencies to dramatically speed up the federal permitting process so that you can get approvals much more quickly. We have the time down to one half of one half already. It used to take 20 years to get a highway approved; we're close to two years, and I'd like to get it down to one.
We had it revoked. We actually send them oil. Can you believe it? We send them oil. We give them oil. We help them. We give them money. The whole thing is crazy. I will gain total independence from China. We have to have independence from China. They have too much power over our country, especially with Biden.
Thousands and thousands of people have worked for me over the years. Hispanic. Because I'm gonna bring jobs back from China and I'm gonna bring jobs back from Japan and all of these people. So now -- no, no. It gets worse. Don't worry. Trump, who has dismissed some Mexican immigrants, listen to this, as rapists and criminals or simply put as Hitler.
Do you like Jim Jordan? He's great. And I looked at this Army tank plant in Lima and I said, why we're closing it? And I saw the people building the tanks and the technology is incredible. And if you ever closed it, you'll never be able to open a thing like that again. So I overrode the Generals, I overrode everybody and now, we're making a record number of tanks in that plant and it's absolutely [Inaudible] but we had tremendous success.
Once I ran for president, I didn't notice there were too many calls coming in from Oprah. Believe it or not, she used to like me. But I was one of the five outstanding people and I had a campaign against Michelle Obama and Barack Hussein Obama against Stacy, and I had Brian Kemp, who weighs 130 pounds. He said he played offensive line in football.
I made calls for them. I helped them, and some of them said to me, a lot of them said, "It's impossible. We got X percentage of vote. I got more than you, but you were much more popular in my District than I was." It's amazing. That's what happened to our country. I had numerous calls from people saying, "Sir, it's not possible that I beat you.
That doesn't mean much to you, it means a lot to the Ethanol people. So you have the existing gas pumps, you don't have to go and spend and spend a fortune to do the new gas pumps. Nobody knows that, and it doesn't even sound very elegant in his speech -- but you have the gas pumps to ethanol, and everything ends if Biden ever -- it's not going to happen with Biden, let's face it.
If you look at what we did, we shut down the illegal foreign invasion on our borders and achieved the most secure border in US history. We deported illegal criminal aliens by the tens of thousands. MS-13 taking him out by the thousands. We set records every single week. We were cleaning up our country. I smashed the false idols of the free trade fanatics.
Nobody can ever change. You know, I tell the story. For years, as a student of economies, I just love it. I love watching it, I love doing it, and I love seeing the results because the results have been so incredible. But as a student, I used to hear, for years, for 10 years, 2019, China -- because, look, let's face it.
This will be America's new golden age. And remember, every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is in your hands. In Georgia, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala Harris that, "Kamala, you've done a horrible job. You're the worst ever. There's never been anybody like you. You can't put two sentences together. The world is laughing at us because of you and crooked Joe. Kamala, you're fired. Get out. Get out. Get out. You're fired."
Canadian wall, no, we're not -- we're not. That's a long border. People have asked that question. Do we want a wall between Canada? That's a long way. Although, I'll tell you what, it's a lot shorter than the Great Wall of China. You know, it's interesting, the Great Wall -- it's true. The Great Wall of China, Great Wall of China, 13,000 miles long, and it was built 2,000 years ago.
Another person campaigned for eight years. "Repeal and replace." And we were a little surprised when the thumb went down. But we're doing very well. You see what's happening. We're coming up with incredible plans. We've gotten rid of the individual mandate, which is terrible.
We have steel mills being built all over the country. Nobody saw anything like it ever before. Although 50 years ago, they did well, but for many, many years, nobody's seen anything like it. Last month alone, we added more than 1,000 manufacturing jobs each and every day last month. We're cracking down on countries that cheat and placing tariffs on countries that unfairly subsidized their goods and dump them into our markets like they were doing with steel.
Thank you. That's great. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. That's very nice. Big star, big star. (Laughs) That's very impressive. For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked black Americans. He called young black men super predators. To every black American, I am asking you to get out tomorrow and vote.
Breaking news. So we have to do something about illegal immigration because our country is being decimated. And speaking of Mexico and again, I have nothing against Mexico. I like Mexico. I have nothing against the leaders of Mexico. I think they're very sharp, very smart, very cunning. They are far too smart for Obama.
Go out tomorrow. You got to be Kasich. He's not going to be a great president. He's not going to be strong. He's weak on the borders. Remember, when he was a congressman he signed NAFTA. NAFTA destroyed Ohio. [Audience Boos] It destroyed Ohio. And now, he wants to sign TPP that is going to be worse. I have studied it so carefully.
If she can't remember such crucial events and information But I have a feeling she did remember and she does know and that also makes her unfit. [Applause] Her conduct is simply disqualifying. She talks about her experience but Hillary Clinton's only foreign policy experience ended up in absolute failure. Everywhere she got involved, things got worse.
The thing weighs like six ounces, I guess. And if he would have gone to the beach because somebody in his campaign said, you look really good in a bathing suit. You know, when you're 82 or whatever the hell he is -- I know a lot of people, by the way, in their 80s, they're the sharpest people. I know a friend of mine became a billionaire from -- he always, he never [Audio gap] and then he hit big from 80 to 90. He became worth billions of dollars.
They've never done that before, but they said something has to be done. And by the way, thank you to the Border Patrol. They're great. They endorsed your favorite president. They didn't only endorse me, saying I'm the greatest president there's ever been. I said, "What about George Washington?" "No, you're better."
For years, you watched as your leaders apologized for America. You know it well. Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and I always will. We are standing up for your values. We are standing up for Indiana. And we are proudly standing up for our great national anthem. I am asking every citizen from every party and every background and every race and color and creed for your support so we can continue to deliver hope, opportunity, and justice for all Americans.
See what you can do for me. [Applause, Laughter] Thank you, Jerome.
But they're coming after you. In many ways, they're coming after you. I'm just stopping them. I'm stopping them. I always will. Somebody asked me the other day, a very important, a very, very successful, a very, very successful guy asked me, they see what we have to go through with these maniacs. They're lunatics, and they see what I go through.
We want our jobs back. We want our military strong. We want our borders because otherwise we don't have a country and we're going to have the wall. But we want our borders back. We want to end the Common Core. We're going to end it and bring education locally. We're going to repeal and replace the horrible Obamacare which is a disaster.
We will cancel all Federal funding to sanctuary cities. We will stop illegal immigration, deport all criminal aliens, and dismantle every last criminal gang and cartel threatening our citizens. We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military. There have been few times in our history where we've needed it more, few times.
They're not because they'll say, "Well, one was here [Inaudible]." But I'll tell you, if Mike Pence or me, was running Virginia, we'd do great. This guy did a lousy job. You know why? He's a political hack. That's why. He's a political hack. Look what he's done -- look what he's done.
You know, one of the people said, "Are you hyper?" I'm gonna [Inaudible] it, i'm not hyper. We're -- we're really tired of it. OK. We're tired of it. We're tired of the incompetent people representing us. We're tired of -- because with of those people we are under -- I will honor this country. And it's like this, every place is totally packed, totally sold out as many people as you have seen work hard as before.
Come up, Bruce. Where is Bruce? We've got to get Bruce. Where is he? That's a long way to come up the hell with Bruce, right? Come on up, Bruce, come on. This guy is central casting. If I'm doing a movie on a politician, this is the guy I have playing. Come on.
Among them were Patrolman Justin Martin and Sergeant Tony Beminio, who were murdered last November. Patrolman Martin was on the beat for less than a year, and leaves a beautiful, loving mom and dad, Randy and Jane. And thank you, Randy and Jane. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [Applause] Sergeant Beminio was a veteran of 11 years, and leaves behind his wife Zoe, and his wonderful children, Cameron, Haley and Maddox.
Oh, it's going to happen. As you have seen, right now I am being viciously attacked with lies and smears. [Booing]
We went from old planes to brand new planes, from planes that were very visible to stealth where you can't see them. Stealth helps, do you agree with that?
And she's screaming, and it's like 100 people going, "What the hell is wrong with her?" But these people are behind me. I love them, but they are really special. They're very talented people [Audience responds affirmatively] and every one of them. Maybe I'll ask Lara to start and say a couple of words.
He is going to be a great Vice President. He's going to be great. He'll be with this country and with this movement, the greatest movement in the history of our country, make America great again. When they criticize it, they say, "We're going to try and stop MAGA." I said, "MAGA is make America great again.
They want it so badly. They said, "We went to the Biden administration, and they wouldn't sell it. They wouldn't sell it." Nobody knows why. Biden didn't know why either. They asked him. "I don't know." [Laughter] "He wanted -- they did? Oh, I didn't know that." But we're going to sell it. And the new project in Alaska is going to feed all of Asia.
Jeff, come on up here, Jeff.
I should feel I don't want to really talk about it. Believe me I know what I'm going to do when I knock the hell out of ISIS. I don't want to really too much shock about it. But here's the problem. You've got to get elected. So you got to talk about it. It's a little defective. You gotta get elected. So you got to talk about it. So I said I'd go in with NATO and I'd make them or do something and I go in and it also get all of the countries around there that are really involved that have to be involved.
It's a vote for a majority leader who will be not good and we don't want to put anti coal -- these are anti coal people. We are -- they are anti coal people and they vote anti coal and frankly, that's what you're getting and if that's what you end up with it's your vote, not mine. Remember that, remember that.
And you'll have a woman President someday, but it's not going to be Kamala. You don't want that as your first woman. [Audience booing] You don't want Kamala, furthest left. And she treated Biden so badly. There was nobody that [Inaudible] but she was tanked. She left. I don't know. That's the kind of thinking you've got.
They got real lucky. Every monster, villain, dictator, and terrorist, and there are plenty of them. I know most of them. I got to know a lot of them. All over the planet, they're having a field day because they know they will never have it better than they do with Crooked Joe, who in many cases received money from those countries.
And a man who I'm so proud of because he stepped into very big shoes, Michael's shoes, GOP chair, Jason Simmons. We're looking good. Thank you. These guys don't let us down. I mean, I took the man from North Carolina. I moved him to the top. That's a nice statement. When all those other things were falling off a cliff, right, ballots have been found.
Look at that horrible sign. Look at that horrible disgusting sign. Look at that. Look at that horrible disgusting.
We lose our money, and they don't even want us in their territory. We will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the communists, Marxists, and fascists. We will throw off the sick political class that hates our country. We will rout the fake news media. We will evict Crooked Joe Biden from the White House, and we will finish the job once and for all.
He said, your excellency, thank you so much for telling me that. He said, but why? But why? I thought it was a very interesting play on words. I've never heard it. I use it now sometimes myself. I liked it. He said, but why? But why? Mr. President, do you send me pictures of my home? I said, you'll have to ask your wives that question.
Her parents were in the front row. She was going to break the record. They put a quarter of an ounce on each side of the thing, stood for 18 years. And she got up, and she -- I don't want to imitate it because my wife, the first lady, hates when I do this. She said, "It's not presidential." I said, yeah, but people like it. It's true.
Together, we are part of one of the greatest stories ever told: the story of America. It is the epic tale of a great nation whose people have risked everything for what they know is right and what they know is true. It is the chronicle of brave citizens who never give up on the dream of a better and brighter future.
I have great relationships with China but their currency manipulation, what they do to our country is unbelievable. We have a trade balance -- think of this, we have a deficit, trade deficit with China. Almost $500 billion a year. We owe China $1.5 trillion. That's a good act. They come in, they take our jobs and make our product, they make a fortune.
Trump or Bush? [Crowd Responds Trump]
We will agree to Remain in Mexico. We will agree to all of the other conditions that you have asked, and we hope you're happy with us. We love you very much." And that was the end of it. And I got things -- and then as soon as these clowns come in, they gave up Remain in Mexico. They gave up all of this stuff.
But we must also talk about those who have been left behind, the millions suffering in disastrous conditions in so many of our inner cities -- and neighborhoods afflicted by poverty, drugs, and violence.
I don't think their wife and husband are too happy about that. What do you think? What do you think? I don't think so.
And likewise, we're going to withdraw from the Trans- Pacific Partnership, another disaster. [Applause]
That's a good thing." But we're forging peace in the Middle East without blood all over the sand and we're not spending money doing it either, it's something very nice, is we're pulling out. A vote for republicans is a vote for the American dream, it's a vote for acknowledgment that Abraham Lincoln was a republican, is that nice?
How does But -- no, you say it this way. You say it, they call him Mayor Pete because nobody can pronounce his last name. That's only -- you know, people think it's a -- by the way, you know what I'm not going to say bad things about him. You know what I'd love to win. I thought I knocked off Pocahontas.
But just as long as they're in the United States, right? I mean, that's the way I look at it. So we want those plants. We want those plants built in the United States. So when I do it, it's different. I say, "Folks, you can't do it." Now, I'll be called by the lobbyist, I know half of them. I know so many lobbyists.
Under a Trump administration, gasoline-powered engines will be allowed, but child sexual mutilation will be banned. Can you imagine having to say that? Now, can you imagine having to say it? Can you imagine 15 years ago if you had a politician -- Can you believe I'm a politician? I got to say I'm a politician, I guess.
But we can certainly, we can stop that source, OK? Thank you. It's a great question. Christina? Go ahead. Christina? Where's Christina? OK. Come on, Christina let's go with it.
He fought your Social Security. He fought Medicare. You know, he wanted to raise Social Security up to 70, and he fought against Social Security. But he also fought ethanol because that's very personal to you. And he fought it very hard. And frankly, he fought the farmers, the farm bills and everything else.
How are you?
Why do we have such violence? And this is true violence. This is violence like most people have never even heard of before. However, this figure does not include the many individuals who have committed crimes but escaped justice, fled the jurisdiction or otherwise never caught. And many of the folks are in that position where you even sometimes know who they are and yet they're never caught.
You deserve a nation that builds things again, makes things better, that aims for the stars once more, and that once again commands respect, and we want to get respect like we had it four years ago. The entire world respected us. They respected us. They respected us more than they've ever respected us, and now they laugh at us.
Thanks, Paul. Thank you very much, Paul, and everybody, and Brandon Judd and all of the people. They do such an incredible job. We're also pleased to be joined by a man who just also -- we really did well in Texas, and I heard Ted's speech. And he can come up and speak more of me once, or he can just -- you know, Ted's going to be going to a big event in a little while.
It's very simple. How about you going to let it happen? They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you. And in the end, they're not after me. They're after you, and I just happen to be standing in their way. It's my honor to do so. Thank you. But think what our country would have been like if the election had not been rigged and stolen.
division
Nobody could get it approved for so many years. Couldn't get it approved. I got it approved. Actually, I got it approved twice. I got it approved, and Biden ended it. That was a shocker. But we just got it approved again. And we're going to be -- it's -- it's probably the largest deposit maybe anywhere in the world, just by itself.
And more than 5 million Americans have been lifted off of food stamps. We're getting Americans off welfare and back into the workforce, and it's happening by the thousands and thousands, and thousands. One million people have been lifted out of poverty and the poverty rate for African Americans has reached the lowest level ever recorded.
One example of pay-for-play is what the Clinton's did in Haiti. Let me stop here for a second and say how much we love and appreciate the Haitian-American community in Florida and across our country. We send our prayers to the many still suffering in Haiti from the earthquake.
I thought they said 15. I said, "What's the number we want?" "Sir, 15 billion." I thought they said 50 billion. You know, maybe the hearing's not quite as good. I said, "All right. You better get 50 billion." So, I'm talking to him the next day. "How are you doing?" "Sir, we're getting close. We're at 14." But I said, "I don't want 14. What do you do? I want 50." [Audience responds "50"]
Isn't it nice that you can have a president that doesn't need to use a teleprompter? Isn't it nice? And I got to go a little quicker now because you know what? I took Marco's place, and I took Sarah Huckabee Sanders' place. I said, "Do you mind if I go now?" Because you know what? We got to keep a schedule.
first okay
The arrogance of Washington DC will soon come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter. Watch. It happened in Europe, Brexit and it's going to continue to happen. And I predicted Brexit, remember I predicted it. Everybody said what is Trump now? But I have a lot of things over there.
Said perfect things, peacefully and patriotically. Did you ever hear Maxine Waters and Schumer and these other people talking in their speeches? "We will get you, Kavanaugh. We will get you. We will hit you like you've never been hit before." Right, you know? That's OK. But if you say peacefully and patriotically, like in my speech -- these people are sick, and they are -- really, they're deranged.
Pam, good luck. Kash, wherever you may be, good luck. Good luck. Pam Bondi. Good luck. So important. Is going to do a great job. Kash, thank you. Thank you, Kash. They have already started very strong. They're going to do a fantastic job. You're going to be very proud of them. We're also, once again giving our police officers the support, protection and respect they so dearly deserve.
And you have 300,000, 400,000, 500,000 people working for these companies, and all of a sudden it became like a big waterfall, a big, beautiful waterfall where so many companies are doing it. And even today they just announced many more. But every day they announce more and more. And now it's a fight for who's going to give the most.
These are great people. Wow, what a group. Thank you, Sheriffs. Thank you. No, we have a lot of law enforcement here today, and I just want say to all of the people in Wisconsin and law enforcement officers, all of them that are here today, we have so many, I will give you my total support, resources, power, protection, and respect.
We want to keep the agenda the Make America Great going, you got to get them in. This is a very important race, very important. Thank you. All god bless you. We love you all. Thank you. Thank you very much. God bless you. [Cheering]
What they do to destroy lives, and they're destroying the lives of many other people right now with that same thing and that same sickness and thinking, but it's the very same people who perpetrated the lies that I was an agent of Russia. Me, I'm an agent. I'm the worst thing that ever happened to Putin.
Young people like you have seen their wages rise by more than 10 percent since the election, a number that has not been surpassed. Median household incomes are the highest in the history of our country. Real household take-home pay gains will reach up to $10,000 a year. Never happened. Under President Obama, it was $975 for eight years.
Do you know what that is?
... people in there.
Six, seven months ago, she was the most popular governor in the country. Do you know where she is now? Last. She went from most popular governor in the country to the least popular, and he's right down at the bottom, too. So, she went from the most -- and I was even surprised to see this, but she went from the most popular governor in the nation to the least popular governor in the nation.
OK? Why that one. This audience is amazing. I wish everybody -- I wish everybody could hear. You know, when you think of radical, right? Radical Muslim, anything you want to say. But it's a problem, and it's a problem that has to be addressed, whether it's Muslim extremists or not. You have to say what it is. And that's what it is. That's what it is. Even at a soccer game recently, you saw that the other day, where they had a soccer game, they had one minute of silence for the people that were just absolutely bludgeoned.
So, if you had your chance, would you do something differently? "No, no. I'd keep it just the same." Think of the things I read, and that's a small portion of the incompetence. What they've done to our country is unthinkable. November -- this November, the people of Pennsylvania have to tell Kamala Harris that we've had enough of you.
This is not going to work out, and we're going to get them the hell out of here and members of the savage Venezuelan prison gang known as Tren de Aragua and MS-13, including 50 violent individuals who were rounded up in Aurora, Colorado, which the Venezuelan Gang took over. The governor, who is a radical left governor, was petrified.
And, you know, their -- their sandstone, and that's a very porous stone, you'll see that spray paint for many years to come like hundreds of years. You can't really get it out. It goes deep into the stone. And to the best of my knowledge, nothing happened to them, did they -- they were beating up cops or the cops were beating them up, but they were fighting.
I have to say, when I was young, in high school and college, everybody used to say "we haven't lost a war" -- we never lost a war -- you remember. Some of you were right there with me, and you remember we never lost a war. America never lost. And now we never win a war. We never win. And we don't fight to win. We don't fight to win. So we either got to win, or don't fight it at all. But where we are -- 17 years -- almost 17 years of fighting in the Middle East. I saw a chart the other day -- as of about a month ago, $6 trillion we've spent in the Middle East -- $6 trillion. And I want to tell you, that's just unacceptable. And we're nowhere. Actually, if you think about it, we're less than nowhere. The Middle East is far worse than it was 16, 17 years ago. There's not even a contest. So we've spent $6 trillion. We have a hornet's nest. It's a mess like you've never seen before. We're nowhere. So we're going to straighten it out.
In fact, I'm just like -- but actually they respect us. That's more important -- look at that beautiful baby. Look at that beautiful baby. Wow, what a baby. What a baby. That is a beautiful baby. It's like from an advertisement, perfect. Look how happy that baby is. So beautiful. Thank you, darling. That's really nice.
He was a little older. He hit the 80s. He hit the 80s, but he was still -- when he got up there, he had that magic like nobody had. And there were a few golfers that could -- you could say maybe slightly better, a few, not many, but there was nobody that had his magic. He was a thriller. He was unbelievable.
So let's come together, set politics aside, and finally get the job done. [Applause]
Wow! Hey, I'm glad I brought him up, huh? That's great. He's a great gentleman. Great man. We're also joined by many members of UAW Local 3303. Where are you? [crowd cheers] They've been great. They have been great. What a group. Thank you fellows.
A lot of times they're leaving. They're going on vacation. We're going to take care of our vets, our great people. We're going to take care of our vets. And you know recently, a very nice woman, Nikki Haley. She came out and she made the statement, she followed Obama, and she started talking about anger and she was referring to me because this is like such a big movement.
We've brought a lot of them back already, but what a sad situation it is. What a sad situation that is. That would have never happened if I were president. October 7th would have never happened. And I said Russia-Ukraine would have never happened. All this stuff. Inflation would have never happened. Afghanistan disaster would have never happened.
I said, you know, because they didn't want to let me do it. They didn't want to be stood up or they didn't want to be shown up and they went -- I went to the newspapers, the editorial board to actually, even though I'm much more successful now they don't treat me nearly as well. I'm trying to figure this out.
It is now my honor and privilege to welcome to this stage, your next secretary of defense, General Mad Dog Mattis. Thank you.
That's amazing. Great. Wow. Wow. Beautiful. Thank you. Thank you. Man, this is something special. You know I said to all of my managers, I just want to do it here. I said you may not be able to get the cars. I don't care. The place is 100% full. And I know a lot of you had to walk a long distance to have you here is great.
Those you have left to seek entry under this new system, and it will be an efficient system, will not be awarded surplus visas, but will have to apply for entry under the immigration caps or limits that will be established in the future. We will break the cycle of amnesty and illegal immigration. We will break the cycle.
I now have nearly -- and think of this one, 'cause I can't even believe it -- we have an 800 -- almost -- $800 billion a year annual trade deficit with the world. OK? Eight hundred billion. Who's negotiating these deals? Who's -- who's negotiating these deals? Don't worry, it'll change -- it'll change. We've got Carl Icahn, we've got the greatest negotiators in the world, it'll change so fast. And these guys -- I have some of the best business leaders in the world. They do it for sport, they don't want money, they -- they'll do it for sport. [Applause]
You don't have a country. You can't make a military. What are we going to do? Say, let's go to China to get our steel for the army tanks and for the boats and ships. A strong steel industry is not just a matter of dignity or prosperity and pride. It is above all a matter of national security and it is. You're going to see some amazing things here.
So if Germany, or any place, anywhere in the world is getting their drugs for less, which they do, a tiny fraction of what we pay, they have to meet those prices. Somebody should've done this. Obama, Biden, other presidents should've done this. Our drug prices are many times higher than other countries.
It's very unfair. India charges us auto tariffs higher than 100 percent. China's average tariff on our products is twice what we charge them. And South Korea's average tariff is four times higher. Think of that, four times higher. And we give so much help militarily and in so many other ways to South Korea, but that's what happens.
We love you. That was a horrible thing. That was a rough thing. And say what you want, the Secret Service, they -- the ones on this -- on the dais, these guys right here, they're tough cookies. They ran. Bullets were flying -- bullets were flying, and they were running right at me. And it was a rough, horrible, horrible time.
America must take action to improve mental health services for the country at large. This includes expanding the number of facilities, integrating primary care and mental care professionals, reforming confinement rules, and making it easier for family members who see warning signs to get their loved ones the care they need -- especially in emergencies.
And Susi says that high taxes are forcing seniors like her to make painful cuts and cutbacks during the golden years of their lives. Best years of their lives. She hopes Congress will pass our framework so we can help more American seniors make ends meet on a fixed income.
They don't donors and special interests. They don't donors and special interests. They don't want that to happen. There will be want that to happen. There will be want that to happen. There will be consequences when they think they're consequences when they think they're consequences when they think they're gonna fire all their employees in gonna fire all their employees in gonna fire all their employees in Michigan or Ohio or so, many other places, Michigan or Ohio or so many other places, Michigan or Ohio or so many other places I'm going in a little while.
By the way, we have a very special congressman. Would you and your wife please stand up? Great people. Great people. I see you sitting there. They didn't put you on the screen, Lance, but I appreciate you being here. It's really an honor. From Texas. And they're incredible. Very, very great people, both of them.
Get mad, get angry and go out there and fight" Now, you know, Lee, that's probably pretty much what -- I didn't have to read a speech to see that. But he feels that way. And there was a wonderful speech and I thought I'd speak about really about something else. Before I do, I'd be -- before I really start, that's something else.
Thank you, Tony. He looks good. Hi, Tony.
I just spoke to the Future Farmers of America in Indianapolis. And with what happened early today, that horrible, horrible attack in Pittsburgh, I was saying maybe I should cancel both this and that. And then I said to myself, I remember Dick Grasso, a friend of mine, great guy. He headed up the New York Stock Exchange on September 11th. And the New York Stock Exchange was open the following day.
Very important. We're going to make that actually easier for them -- to help the farmers. [Applause] Because you need these people. No, you need these people. We're going to make it easier. [Applause] I mean, I'm glad I told you that because, you know, look, you're in that business and a lot of people don't understand this.
Look at all these people down here, all these press people, you know. You saw the ratings after the election, their ratings died. They want us back so badly. They want us. I actually thought they were going to endorse me, every one of them. Few members of Congress in history have personally caused more damage and destruction to our Republic than the thinking -- ridiculous and stupid thinking of Liz Cheney.
They never report it. They should report it. They're doing this country a great disservice by not reporting it. But Biden supported NAFTA, TPP, and China's entry into the WTO, which is one of the worst things that ever happened to this country. For half a century, Biden twisted his plane into the heart of the American worker.
I say, well, number one, lack of knowledge. Number two, everyone's a crook over there. They made a fortune, he said but we're going to spend $1.5 billion. He said to me we're going to spend $1.5 billion. I said no, no, no, you're not going to. But you got to spend $3 billion or $4 billion by the time they're finished with you.
But it's made, much of it, in China, and it flows through the border. We want people to come into our country, but we want them to come into our country legally. We want people to come in. We want them to come in legally. Furthermore, I'll fully implement Title 42 across the entire southern border based on all of the diseases that illegal aliens are bringing in. Even the judge in the case said, "Do you know what you're doing?" Because the Biden administration wanted it terminated and the judge wouldn't do it, but it terminated itself.
So don't ever forget, this election is about you. It's about your family, your future and the fate of your country. We begin our campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for our country's future. Together, we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise, so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck.
It's always America last. Everyone in Washington is obsessing over how to protect Ukraine's border. But the most important border in the world right now for us is not Ukraine's border. It's America's border. And we do nothing about it. But let people come in, and we have no idea who they are. The first duty of the American president is to defend the American border.
The crime wave over there -- Merkel's not going to be elected. You know Brexit, I predicted Brexit. Remember? I was the only one. So they were given a 20 percent chance in Las Vegas and the bookies over there, they were saying 20 percent chance.
So, as part of my agreement with the European Union, they've agreed to purchase almost immediately large amounts of American soybeans, because China really tried to hurt the American farmer. China tried to hurt the American farmer, because that way they were gonna hurt me, and that way you would go in November and you would vote for people that don't want borders. They don't care about crime.
And he was with me right from the beginning, and he's so happy about it. I could tell you stories. He said that he was so honored to be there. He understood from the beginning what was going on. And he does say -- and so did Pastor Robert Jeffress, a great friend of mine -- he would say, "Our President may not be the best at the Bible." "He may not have read it 2,000 times, but he's the best for us." And that's good.
Thank you for being here too, Jeffrey. They're coming after me, and we fight them back. And now we're going after them because we have no choice. We have to straighten out our country. But despite the best efforts of the left-wing fanatics, their scams, schemes, slanders -- they've all been discredited. Totally discredited.
They do the first little carton of milk at a very low price, but after that, it gets bad and then it gets up to 275 percent, 300 percent. So, when they're figuring what's Canada charging, they say, oh, about 2 percent, 3 percent. But take a look at what happens down the road when you look a little bit, it's not a pretty picture and we don't like it and it's not fair.
And recently, they had 78 shootings over a weekend spree, and 3 people killed. And Chicago has the toughest gun laws in the United States. That doesn't seem to be working too well, does it? And a lot of you people know exactly what I mean. But under Johnson's leadership, they certainly don't protect people.
The debate was not a good one for him. He said, you know, if I didn't debate, I could have gone all the way. He was down 35 points, and they decided to replace him. That never -- nothing ever happens like what happens to me. It never happens to anybody else. I had to beat two candidates, so he's down. This is like you're in a fight.
Our First Lady would say, please don't do that, but we have plenty of time to talk about it and we will. We're doing all of this on our very first day in office. You know, don't forget, we've been in this position really, where we won the primaries in record time, the fastest win of a primary ever in political history, which is a very nice thing.
And -- and then you wonder and people naively say, will she be good for the energy business? Yes, she's going to be good for the energy business in Saudi Arabia. She's going to make it impossible for our energy business. And that's the way it works. I mean, it's a sad thing. She is going to be so good for the energy business of Saudi Arabia.
They started dropping out, right? And then, I was left with one, Hillary Clinton and that worked out very nicely. He cannot get to 270, remember? 270, electoral college. He cannot get to 270. I went to Maine, it's true. Maine too. It's got one point, right, one. I went there a lot, many times. Everyone said what -- they kept getting me. Maybe, if I have a great night, 269, but 269 loses, right?
OK? I can't explain it to these people. You know, when you have 17 people -- we started off with 17 -- actually, truly, 18. But there were 17. And of the 17, I mean, you had senators, you had governors. You have guys like Ben Carson, who's a fantastic guy, who's a very accomplished guy and he's running, and Carly is running.
We are going to have strong walls. We're going to have a wall. We're going to stop drugs from pouring into our country. The wall will be built. Mexico will pay for the wall, we haven't quite explained it to him yet. They don't quite know it yet. We're going to end up having great relationships with China and Mexico, but we are going to have a great relationship with India.
And I know I really owe it. We have such great people in this country. We're gonna fix this country. We're gonna get rid of these corrupt politicians, and we're gonna do it right. By the time, I finish I'll have over $100 million into my campaign. Think of it. It's a lot of money. Financed the primaries, financed this.
Because the Democrats will end up destroying them both, Medicare, Social Security. We will defend the Second Amendment. And there is a tremendous amount of pressure being put right now on your Second Amendment. We will defend it. You don't have to worry about that. Protect your right to free speech and religious liberty.
He's got 2% in the poll. But -- but, you know, he advertises. He spends tens of millions of dollars on ads against me. So whenever I can, you got to take a shot. That's sort of -- you know, I do this in about 10 seconds, and that's the equivalent of him spending $10 million. Isn't it great? But if you look at what's going on with our competition, should we speak about the competition for a second?
But I ask you, why shouldn't Hillary Clinton resign from the race? She was given -- think of it -- she was given these questions. She used these questions, studied the questions, got the perfect answer for the questions, and never said that she did something that was totally wrong and inappropriate. Hence the name crooked Hillary. [Applause]
We will create a system of immigration that makes us all proud.
This is incredible. You know, I had a press conference before and one of the questions was, Mr. Trump
All over the world they're talking about our country, and we haven't even started yet, right? Wait until we start. [Applause]
Hospitalization, doctors, you can choose your own doctor, unlike with Obama, right. Prices going way down. January 1st. I said, "Couldn't you start it sooner?" but statutorily that's when it had a start. Could you imagine if this guy's in and prices start dropping like a rock, and they'll say, "What a great President he is.
So it was a great success, but they try and make it look like it wasn't very nice. We dramatically reduced refugee admissions and kept radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. Is that okay? I mean, is that okay? One of the first acts that Biden did after Mitch McConnell said, "We must get back to work.
And really, it's like corrupt, corrupt political establishment. Right. And you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first and finally putting America. And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician, right? If I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment is because I was elected to fight for you and nobody has ever fought harder for you than I am.
They do that. You can't go to church. You can't do anything. But if you're protesting, that's okay. So we call it -- everything should be a protest. Maybe the churches should call themselves "protesting." If they protest, they can open up their churches. That's the -- the governors on the left. That's the Democrats.
Man. We're honored to be joined by two leaders who truly have the backs of American workers. They've become friends of mine. They do such an incredible job. They break up the roadblocks. We have a lot of roadblocks in this country, where you have -- a little clause can stop a project. A little clause can stop it for years.
They're all part of the same political establishment. They go to the same restaurants, they attend the same conferences, they have the same friends and connections. They all support the same ideology of globalism that makes them rich while shipping your jobs, your factories, and your wealth to other countries. I am not running to be President of the World. I am running to be President of the United States. I Am For America -- and America First. Together, we will rebuild this country beyond our greatest dreams.
We thank you. We salute you. We honor you. And we promise you: We will always have your back. Now and forever, we will have your back.
Okay? When you're a governor for, you know what? When you're a governor for 24 years, that's a long time. And I called him. Like, in the middle of his term. I said, "Terry, you know, they like you in China. President Xi has great respect for you. How would you like to be the ambassador to China?" And he said, uh, "You know, sir, I think after 24 years, maybe it's time." And he represented us so well.
It's crammed with so-called equity provisions. Equity. You know what equity means? We're going to take it away from you and give it to other people. I don't think they're going to take it away from too many of you. I have a feeling. I don't think they're going to take it away from you. But it's a code word for illegal government discrimination that they want to bring to everything from education, to housing, to healthcare, to our military.
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, dug out the Panama Canal, raised up the giant skyscrapers, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and from here in this beautiful, wonderful state with that fabulous sun, landed our brave American astronauts on the face of the moon, right?
We cannot accept all of the mental patients all over the world, you know, some of those mental institutions in other parts of the world, not just South America, all over the world. A lot of people are coming from the Congo. Prisons in the Congo, they're emptying out. You know what they save by doing that? Do you have any idea what they save? They're all in our country.
I've been in Iowa now for a long know. I've been in Iowa now for a long time. We've made many, many trips here time. We've made many, many trips here time. We've made many, many trips here, many, many stops that I've got to know. Many, many stops that I've got to know. Many, many stops that I've got to know many people, the evangelicals have been many people.
Joe Biden is no friend of Pennsylvania. He's actually, for the reasons we just said, he's your worst nightmare. Biden supported every single globalist attack on Pennsylvania workers, NAFTA, China's entry into the World Trade Organization, which built China into a power, TPP, Korea, the horrible, ridiculous Paris Climate Accord, which stripped our nation of its energy, and the so-called Clean Power Plan.
We love Boca. We love Florida. Beautiful. Great to be with you tonight. This is incredible. It's not too far. This is my second home. I love Florida. And I hear my man, Steve, did a beautiful job explaining what a lousy senator you have. Is that right? He did a great. Tell you, Marco doesn't vote. You got to go vote.
Won two world wars. Defeated fascism and communism. And from here in this beautiful, beautiful state -- this sun-drenched state of Florida we launched American astronauts to the moon. We made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world and the best is yet to come. You're welcome. Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country.
These are all these leaders are all at the top of their game. President Xi of China, all of them. But I said, "Stop payment." So I get a call from Honduras, I get a call from Guatemala, get a call from El Salvador. They're principle three. Now it's everybody. It's 129 different countries. We had last week, 129 different countries.
I love Mexico. I love the people of Mexico. I have thousands of employees. I have thousands of people, Hispanics, working for me. I'm winning polls with the Hispanics. People don't want to say that. In Nevada, I'm leading the poll by a lot. I'm leading the polls with African-Americans. If I keep going with the African-Americans, the election is going to be over.
You know the deep state, the Democrats, all of these people that we've been dealing with, they get a little bit nervous, aren't they huh? We're going to win this state, 13 days. This great, great state. And we're going to win four more years in the White House. With your vote, we will continue to cut taxes, cut regulations, lower drug prices like never before, support our great police and law enforcement, protect your incredible Second Amendment, defend our borders, maintain energy independence, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase: Made in the USA. [Audience chanting "USA"] And it's happening now, we will deliver record prosperity.
For three and a half years -- is that right? He just said, "That's right." And you know it's right. For three and a half years, the current administration has waged a war on crypto and bitcoin like nobody's ever seen before. For those who work in this industry, they target your banks. They choke off your financial services.
It breaks our hearts.
Please don't do that. I said: wait a minute: we have a horrible deal on this one on that one I won't even mention. I love you too [Applause], so we have to renegotiate these deals. If you look at China last year with China and look he's been of great help, President Xi he's a friend of mine, but he likes China.
And we will keep men out of women's sports. [Audience responds affirmatively] I will defend the Second Amendment, protect religious liberty, restore free speech, and we will secure our elections like they've never been secured before. And under the Trump administration, we will put American citizens first, American children first, American patients first, American taxpayers first, American workers first.
Now we did like nobody's ever taken care. You know the VA, the Veterans Association and Hospitals and all of them put together. They have so many different groups, but we got the highest rating that we've ever had. We had a 92% rating for approval, job approval on taking care of our great vets. Al was a big help, but everyone, the VA, everyone said there's never been anything close.
And there is nobody smarter than a contractor who can't read or write. They're smarter than Wharton. They're smarter than Harvard. I shouldn't say that to the Wharton Club but they are. These are geniuses, and you can imagine what's going on because you see what's going on in the country. I hear that the website for Obamacare is up to five billion dollars.
And they'd end up losing the farm, and it was a horrible situation. We've eliminated the death tax. That's a great thing. That's a great thing. And it's only good, though, if you love your children. [Laughter] I say it all the time: If you don't love you children and if you don't like your children, but especially if you don't love them -- does anybody here not love their children? [Laughter]
Nobody's going to mess with us, nobody, nobody. Now, with that being said, but you have to know when to use it. You have to know when, right? I mean, you have to know when. So in 2004 and 2003, I said, don't go into Iraq." I didn't know that much about Iraq
Hillary Clinton is the defender of the status quo or what we have. While our country lost badly under Hillary Clinton, she cashed in big time. Our country was losing. Our people were losing, but she is cashing in.
They think we're stupid. We're run -- the fact is, other than Tim, we're run by very stupid people. Thank you. Hard to believe. Hard to believe.
Think of it. Look what the world is doing to us. They're beating us militarily. We can't beat ISIS. They're beating us militarily. They're beating us on trade. We go into Iraq and we spend billions of dollars in Iraq, billions and then, we spend with the final number, what's the final number? $2 trillion.
The Great Wall of China. It's 13,000 miles long. It was built two thousand years ago. Look at that sign, it says, build the wall. We're gonna build the wall. Don't worry about it. 100%. By the way, 100%. 100%. So our wall. We need a thousand miles because we have a lot of natural barriers and a lot of things.
So I said to my wife, "You know, I just raised, like, a couple of hundred billion dollars and it was like so easy. It was so easy." I said, "Honey, wait'll you see the press I get on this [Inaudible]. It's going to be great!"
New Hampshire, 48-48. What's wrong? What's going on here? New Hampshire, 48-48. I don't like that. That does not sound like my friends from.
Now, I only hope they don't change, because you know we're talking too soon. We've got a year and a half left. It's like when I called Pocahontas, Pocahontas. I should have waited six years because she then went out and got that test, 1024th. And I've always said, I have more Indian blood in me than she has in her and I have none.
We've been dealing with politicians for the last -- so many years. We're so tired of dealing with these people. They're no good for what we have to do. So -- so we're going to do things that can be done. We're going to fix our military. We're going to take of our vets, who are the greatest people, most incredible people. They're treated horribly. [Applause]
By the way, have you seen our poll numbers with African Americans and with Hispanic Americans? Last night was quite a surprise. That's why they couldn't put us on. NBC couldn't do it because the margins were so crazy. But I'm not that surprised, because I see it, I feel it. We did great. In 2016, we won.
What a what a good man. His son, by the way, did a fantastic job as U.S. attorney. We have a wonderful man who I think is one of the best in the country, one of the sharpest. And he's a fighter like no other. He's your attorney general, Ken Paxton. Thank you, Kent. Great job. Ken's got a big election. Get out there and vote.
Any school pushing critical race theory, it's so bad. It's so bad. Transgender insanity or any other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content onto the heads of our children. I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate. And maybe the easiest thing of all, it's embarrassing to have to say it, because I don't think 10 years ago anybody ever heard of it, I will keep men out of women's sports, etc., right?
We got the remains of our great heroes back for many, many years. You don't have any more nuclear testing, in fact, they're closing up a lot of the sites. You don't have rockets going up, you don't have missiles going up and you have people -- I like him. He likes me. I guess that's OK, am I allowed to say that?
He made -- he was the father of the roadside bomb, the bomb. And he made them bigger, bigger, bigger. They kept getting bigger, bigger, and more sophisticated. 94% of the people that died or had legs or arms or faces obliterated, removed from their body, 94% was because of Soleimani, and I took him out, too, bigger than any terrorist in the world.
And in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And we will end our reliance on China, which is already started. Can you imagine, Biden saying we're not going to, we're not going to end our reliance. I mean, can you imagine? We are going to end out reliance on you.
22 veterans a day commit suicide. That's correct.
They said, "The best statement he's ever seen," and should have never been allowed to be presented to this judge. It should have gone into the commercial division like all other cases like this. But he kept it. And he's a radical Trump hater, hates Trump with a passion. I don't know what it is. He has a passion for hating Trump.
Hillary Clinton is the chief emissary for globalism. And I'm not running to be president of the world. I'm running to be president of the United States. [Applause]
Thank you, everybody. Wow. Thank you. What a group. We love Salt Lake City. We love Utah. You know they didn't have me scheduled in Utah I was going right into Phoenix and I said, "Wait a minute, I want to go to Utah. What's going on with Utah?" Based on what I see here we might win Utah. You know, we have thousands of people.
The real people, the real generals. We knocked out ISIS. And they said it would take five years; we did it in about five weeks. And we have a great military. I flew to Iraq and I met with the generals. They were like central casting. They were like -- they looked like Tom Cruise, but better looking, much better looking actually, because they know how to fight.
Then they'd fight for three, four years. Boom, boom, then Saddam Hussein would hit somebody with gas, people would be complaining. Then the others would hit gas, they go -- they move 10 feet, 10 feet. What did we do? We went in and destroyed, destroyed the military capability of one of the two nations. And now Iran is taking over Iraq as sure as you're standing here.
Crooked Hillary. Crooked, crooked Hillary. She is a crooked, she is a crooked person. See? I'm being nice. At the same time, Secretary Clinton was surrendering our jobs to China. The Chinese government and its supporters were funneling huge sums, I mean, huge sums of money to Bill Clinton so he gives speeches.
Many of them will not forget her calling young African-American men super predators. [Booing]
And we're not going to be the stupids anymore with the stupids we're known as the stupids with the anchor babies. A person has a baby. She walks across a line. She has the baby in the United States. Now we have the baby. Fourteenth Amendment except for one thing, they didn't read the 14th Amendment right because it doesn't say that.
We've got to have that. It's not fair that -- essentially that men aren't allowed to compete against women. Can you believe this guy? But uh, let them do it. I say we shouldn't be fighting a lot of these things. Just let them go. And then just before the next election, we'll unleash on them. Because this -- it would be very sad if they actually changed their policies.
This is the beautiful vision of this institution. And this is the foundation for cooperation and success. Strong, sovereign nations let diverse countries with different values, different cultures and different dreams not just coexist, but work side by side on the basis of mutual respect. Strong, sovereign nations let their people take ownership of the future and control their own destiny. And strong, sovereign nations allow individuals to flourish in the fullness of the life intended by God.
Just so you know, we have the most dangerous criminals in the world in our country now. The most -- we never had anything like this. These are the most dangerous criminals in the world. They make our criminals look like very nice people. That's about the only thing you can say. But they are the worst among the worst people.
I think they made a couple where they actually had the people -- they gave them the money at zero interest or whatever. And then they move, because they forgot to say, you can't move
I will always back our law enforcement heroes in blue. We are pleased to be joined tonight by the president of the Arizona Police Association, Justin Harris. Oh, no, he's not a relation. Justin, are your relation? Last name is Harris, spelled the same. I'm very concerned about this. I'm not really. But Justin Harris is a great gentleman who has a special announcement.
Think of that. I said, "How many trucks do you have?" "28,000, sir." I said, "You've got to be kidding, 28,000." And they're big ones. The 18-wheelers, they're big, big trucks. And they're really bothered. Oh, I'm solving their problem probably by doing this because everything I do, you know, when I go out in favor something like no tax on tips, they haven't been able to do that because, you know, they just set regulations that make it impossible for people that get tips to even live to breathe.
And I said, you know, that's weird. And I called the General Razin Caine, he's fantastic. I said, General and Pete Hegseth, I said, I'm watching newscasts where they're saying what time you're taking off tomorrow and what time we're going to be entering the very dangerous airspace, the worst air space anywhere there is, anywhere in the world.
But -- but you know what? We'd be better off. And then the way Obama got us out of the war was a disaster. We're going to get out on a certain date. The enemies sat back and they said nobody could say that, nobody.
But they were released again and again and again. I will not sit by and accept this reckless insanity when I am in the White House. I will stand up to the Marxist DAs and Soros prosecutors, and we will tell them, "No more, we're not going to stand for it." We will not let them destroy our communities. We will not let them destroy our country.
You've been looking at things that you wouldn't have believed possible in our country. Corruption at the highest level -- a disgrace. Spying, surveillance, trying for an overthrow. And we caught them. We caught them. Who would have thought in our country? But it's called what we all together have done -- started two and a half years ago on that great November 8th. That was a great day.
Take a look at your 401(k)s which you probably do every hour. Take a look at your stocks. We're very close to breaking the record and NASDAQ has already done it. You know NASDAQ has broken the record I think 16 times already during a pandemic. Hopefully we'll call it the final phase of the pandemic. Biden the other day said no he'd shut it down.
And in the end, they're not after me, they're after you. I just happen to be, unfortunately for me, standing in the way. Here is just some of the agenda, in closing, that we will immediately implement when we become -- we, it's all of us. We're all going to become. That's what it is. This is a group effort.
And that, in turn, is going to bring down everybody -- everything else. You're going to bring down the cost of food. You're going to bring -- because your food costs have gone -- you know, the biggest complaint I actually get is groceries. When you talk to the people, they say -- I say, "What's the biggest problem?" "Groceries."
We have new everything. I came back with Admiral Brown, the United States Coast Guard, and some of the other folks, and they were saying that the new Coast Guard cutters -- How good a job has the Coast Guard done during these hurricanes? And I said, "Admiral, how good are the new Coast Guard cutters?" He said that, "They're the finest in the world, sir.
How do you settle? And in fact, when the case started originally, I said, how can I settle when I have a review like this? Every review is good. Now I should have settled but I'm glad I didn't. So I'll be seeing you in November either as president and I will say this. I have all these great reviews. But I will say this, I think Judge Curio should be ashamed of himself.
They have a big portion of what went on on tape. There are many different things. They cheated on many different levels and many different ways. But look at this Dinesh D'Souza movie and they have it on tape and they have it on ping. They have it all over the place. It's ballot harvesting at a level that nobody ever thought possible.
Just this week we learned that another member of the Biden family is getting rich off connections to Joe. His son-in-law -- just came out, big story, is cashing in on the China virus pandemic just like Hunter. Where's Hunter? Crashed in on China, what do you think when Hunter walks in and he walks out with $1.5 billion to manage for China.
The premium increase will be close to 60 percent -- you know that -- 60 percent in Minnesota and a lot higher following, so that's pretty bad. The Democratic governor has just said the Affordable Care Act in Minnesota is no longer affordable. Premiums are surging, companies are leaving, insurers are fleeing, doctors are leaving, and deductibles are through the roof. Other than that it's a wonderful thing.
I don't know, I don't know why we're doing it. I'll tell you why we're doing it. Our great Congressman. Thank you, Congressman. Great job. Thank you. He called up, he said, "Sir, we have to do it. It's a private dam." I said, "Well if it's a private dam. No, they have to do it." say it will never happen, right, but we'll end up getting some of that back, I think.
I said, "No, I want to see one in the United States." He said, "The big ones are being built in Mexico." That's no good. And we're not going to let it happen. We're not going to -- they can build their plant, they're not going to have any cars coming into this country. If they want to build a plant, they can.
You know, there's not much -- it's not much for the advertising community when you think they spent $38 million, a record number, in Florida. They spent thousands and thousands of ads nationwide. Listen to this one. 55,000 negative ads on me. Most of it was made up. I'll give you one good example. We have the Club for Growth, which is -- forget them.
So Hillary Clinton wants to increase Syrian migrants coming into our country, that we don't know who they are, by 550%. No way. No way.
Call it a personality defect. But we did an interview, and it was supposed to be 15 minutes, and it lasted for two and a half hours. It just never stopped. There was a great chemistry. We actually liked each other. And he likes me. And he took that interview, and he put it on five shows, and his ratings went through the roof, and he's held it.
But here's the thing. All I have to do is expose her for what she is. She's a communist, OK? She's a communist. And this country is not ready for a communist and, hopefully, never will be because that doesn't work. Kamala talks about all these things that she's going to do, but she's been here -- think of it.
You know what the demands are. [Applause] Those demands will include religious and political freedom for the Cuban people. [Applause] And the freeing of political prisoners. The freeing of political prisoners. Applause] Right? Am I -- is that right? [Applause] Oh boy. Oh boy. What energy in this room. What energy. Applause] A lot of energy. [Audience chants "Trump"] You'll be very happy, my Cuban friends. I have so many friends from Cuba. Incredible people.
We can't let this happen, but -- so they make a ruling. And essentially, they don't want to say this, but they said Trump was 100% right. The election was rigged and stolen, and we're not going to let it happen again. So from now on, no. No, they missed the point. Now they're screaming. They missed the point, Mike Kelly.
You have things that are just so ridiculous, right? Just as I did for four years, I will fully uphold the Second Amendment. We will restore free speech. And I will secure our elections, totally secure. Our goal will be one-day voting with paper ballots and voter ID, right? One-day voting, not 48 days, not 62 days.
Trump was talking about him before he knocked down the World Trade Center." We have to know what we're talking about. I've been talking about take the oil. For what? Five years. Take the oil take, the oil take, take the oil. You know who has the oil now? ISIS has the oil. Iran has the oil. Because our politicians are incompetent.
With Peter Strzok and his lover, Lisa Page.
And he said, "Maybe I won't win this goal, but I'll win the next one." And he was often right. He was a big supporter of mine from Indiana. He was a big supporter of mine. And he was a great, great coach. But he played the ref. They play the ref by insulting. I don't even know, is it legal to do what they do? I mean, they're so outrageous.
But we're going to do things that you won't even believe. These companies are going to be begging to come back, because if they don't -- if they don't come back and open up plants here, they're not going to be selling their product in the United States, OK? They're not going to be selling their product.
Defund the police. Defund the police. There is a city, I won't mention because I know some very good people there. I know some people in the real estate business, they're dying. You get robbed and you call the police and they'll show up, they'll do the best they can to show up eight hours later, you know that story.
I happen to believe it's more than $2.5 trillion. But here's the thing and I use it because it's so incredible. Here's the thing. It's not controversial. It's not like you have the Republicans here you -- everybody agrees. They've agreed you know that for two and a half, three years. They can't make a deal.
This election is your chance to make your voice heard. With your vote, you can reject left-wing maniacs. You can reject left-wing tyranny and proudly declare that America will always remain a free country. We're not going to remain a free country. When you see what's happening with the FBI and with justice, we're not going to remain a free country.
embassy to Jerusalem. We're renegotiating all of those trade deals that I told you about. We're working with China. We're working with all of those countries, where it's so one-sided, and all of that will work out 100% but we cannot be taken advantage of any longer as a country we're not doing it. We're getting rid of sanctuary cities. We're getting rid of unsafe places. We're protecting your Second Amendment after protect a -- 95% of American manufacturers just announced that this is in the history of the chart, which they think is 28 years old. They've been doing this for 28 years in history.
He's been maligned. He's been maligned. Good man. He's been maligned. He's been maligned. He's been badly maligned, and it's a shame. That's why I came out here. It would have been easier if I would have said I'm not going to come. I come out, I defend people when I know they're good. He's a good man. I get nothing.
That was great. An enhanced interrogation really led us to that. Now, enhanced interrogation, another thing. You know, we're so politically correct, and nobody wants to say it. Nobody ever wants to use the word. Isn't another word for that torture? And you know what, the people that I watched jumped off the World Trade Center.
Only a fool would think otherwise. In recent years, far too many American presidents have been afflicted with the notion that it's our job to look into the souls of foreign leaders and use US policy to dispense justice for their sins. They loved using our very powerful military and now it's really the most powerful it's ever been.
He voted no on enhanced vetting for refugees. Let's not vet them. Let's just let them pour right into Montana. And you see what's going on. [Audience Boos] And Jon Tester voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities. Tell me that. [Audience Boos]
She could run any company in America, but I don't want to say that, 'cause I don't want her stolen away from me. Texas legislature candidates who have my complete and total endorsement, David Covey, Alan School -- alan Schoolcraft. Where's Alan? Alan Schoolcraft. Helen Kerwin and Brent Hagenbuch. Where are you?
Obamacare will destroy the economy and health care of North Carolina if we don't stop it fast and I mean, like, immediately. Repealing Obamacare" and stopping Hillary Clinton's health care takeover is one of the most important reasons we must win on November 8th. We have to. [Applause]""bamacare will destroy the economy and health care of North Carolina if we don't stop it fast and I mean
How much more is that? Oh, that's 128 pounds more. How crazy is this? Our country has gone crazy, and we're going to put it back on track. We are the party of common sense. We will defend the Second Amendment, restore free speech, and we will secure our elections. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive.
I think what has changed is, you know, you've got something to compare to. And you're seeing the most incompetent administration in history, the absolute worst president in the history of our country. They rate vice presidents, too, and she's rated last, but he's rated last, the worst president. Jimmy Carter is the happiest man because Jimmy Carter is considered a brilliant president by comparison.
There's not even a contest. I always laugh when I hear "The Elite" and then you see this guy and you say, "He's not elite." Not in my book, he's not. But we're delighted to be joined tonight by many terrific Florida Republican leaders. They really have been fantastic and I you just got a little sample of it and you're getting a great sample of it, because as your Governor, Ron DeSantis, has been doing a fantastic job.
And we had hundreds of billions left over, hundreds of billions of dollars, which came into the treasury. We fought for North Carolina and we won for North Carolina. And this November, we're going to fight and win for North Carolina once again. One of the first things we will do is to stand up for parents' rights.
These guys are so good-looking, I said, You could be a movie star, go to Hollywood." "No, sir. I like doing what I'm doing." So, I said to these guys -- You gotta see. Just like central casting, I said, I said, "Fellas, How good is this plane? They said, "Sir, it's great." "Why?" "Because the enemy can't see it." That helps.
If they see a bad poll, you're going to see some bad numbers, or if you see a bad result tomorrow, you're going to see some very bad numbers. But they're running on the fumes of what we did in every way, including oil. We produce things that nobody ever thought possible, but the day after the election, they're going to turn it all off.
We are going to win it back. Unbelievable. Look at this. Maybe because I went to school in Pennsylvania. Maybe that's the reason. Maybe. My kids went to school in Pennsylvania. The smart place, Pennsylvania. Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare. It's just been announced that the residents of Pennsylvania are going to experience a massive double-digit premium hike.
We have great generals. We have great military. They're going to be OK, but on top is woke. How about the changing of the names of we won Fort Bragg as an example. You know the people in the area are going crazy. They change the name of Fort Bragg. They change the name of Fort Robert E. Lee. They changed the name of the different forts.
I've covered from stupid to mad genius that will eventually succeed in taking over the world. No, these are bad people. They've -- they've covered everything. Let's see, last week, oh, that -- last week, "Oh, he's tired." You know what I mean? I've done this stuff now for 58 days in a row, and I don't even feel tired a little bit.
They're at the top of their game. And we are at the most dangerous point in the history of our country. We could end up in World War III because of this lunatic. And her, she's so much worse. She wants to take away your guns and your rifles in violation of the Second Amendment. [Audience boos] And she's a communist, and everybody knows it.
And you know that's happening. That's what it is. Remember this. And it is true. If I didn't do this or if I was No. 4 or 5 or 3 instead of leading him and everybody else in the polls, this wouldn't be happening. If I didn't run or if I were doing poorly and I was way in the back, like Christie and Ada, you know, this would not be happening.
And I'm just saying to myself, "If I said it, I probably wouldn't be here today." Right? This guy used the F bomb in a major interview with CNN or somebody. And I want to tell you that was shocking and a disgrace. And I think he should apologize to the people of Mexico and to the people of the United States.
Mike, thank you very much. Thank you. You're doing great. This guy is doing great. He is amazing. I think you're -- I'll tell you, you know, it's hard to beat some of these people because they lie. I heard she's another one. She's going around saying she's very close to Trump. She agrees with Donald Trump on the tariffs and the wall and this and that, but she never agreed until about two weeks ago when she was losing, right? No, she's doing it.
But you know, we have some great -- Sheriff Joe of Arizona, right? I got to tell you a story about life, about toughness. You know, like the Green Bay Packers, great Vince Lombardi. I've always been a big fan. He was --
I can't believe this has happened to my son. He's been indicted more than Al Capone. He would take that tough man sitting right in the front row. Stand up. Look at him. He's tough as hell. He would take him out to dinner. If he didn't like him, you were gone. You would never be found again. You'd be in the foundation of a building.
With these sweeping authorities, we will blast through every bureaucratic hurdle to issue rapid approvals for new drilling, new pipelines, new refineries, new power plants, new electric plants, and reactors of all types. Prices will fall immediately in anticipation of this tremendous supply that we can create rather quickly, and we'll be the leader instead of the laggard.
And we will fight, fight, fight for America. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, just in closing, you've never let me down, never. You've always been there for me when we had emergencies, when we had a crisis. And I'm going to always be there for you, and I can promise you this.
But in my next term, to accelerate our manufacturing resurgence, and we were setting records. Not only were we building and doing it, we were setting records at doing manufacturing jobs because I was tariffing and taxing China and other countries at a level that made it more competitive for companies like this to build here than it was to build over in China, to deliver here, where we would actually build cars in China.
By the way, Israel has given a lot... And a lot of people don't know that. I think the public relations for Israel hasn't been so great because Israel's given a lot but hasn't been given a lot of credit for what they've given...
Just like the Iran and the World Health Organization, Joe Biden put the United States back into the very unfair and very costly Paris climate accord without negotiating a better deal. [Audience boos]
They got me in New York, where my company turned out to be a great company instead of a bad company. They indicted me because they said I inflated numbers, and my numbers, it turned out, were extremely conservative, just the opposite of what -- and now they don't know what to do. And the judge is being made to look -- look, he's a radical left person, and he actually accused me of something before he ever -- before the trial started.
You know, uh, we talk about death and a lotta farmers here. We have farmers that I took great care of. We got 'em 28 billion dollars from China. Do you think, do you think Biden thinks about getting you money from China? He thinks about giving them money. But we have 28 billion dollars we got you. But we also got rid of the estate tax on your farms and small business because a lotta people, you know, they love their family.
You have paid your debt to society and shown a commitment to change. You've overcome many challenges: broken free of addiction, learned new skills, and replaced old habits with fresh resolve. And Jon told us just outside, a little while ago, that it's a -- it's an incredible class -- incredible class of talent.
And you also wonder about a government, who can approve a thing like that? Will they take cash into a country and just hand it to them? Bushels and bushels of cash. And then you look at our country where we owe $20 trillion as I used to say 18, used to say 17. When I started, I was saying 16 and 17. Now it's 18 and 19. Now it's going to very soon be 20. It's going to be 22 very soon because we have a budget that is very, very expensive, but it doesn't take good care of our military.
They say, oh well, this and that, so important. One of the most important thing. OK, so ready? We need borders, right? We need borders. We need borders. And he was saying just a little while ago, the wall, and we're going to have the wall, and we're going to have a wall, it's going to be such a beautiful wall.
Schwartz, Dr. Jones. We will not sue anybody. We just want to get better. That's all it says. Pretty good, right? That's pretty good for a semi -- for only a semi non-lawyer, but that's essentially what it says. And, you know, the funny thing is the ones that were most against it were the drug companies and the labs.
But let me give you the bad news. We don't like bad news, right? I don't want to hear -- and I'll turn it into good. But let me give you the bad, the sad news. Moments ago, I learned that a district judge in Hawaii -- part of the much overturned 9th Circuit Court -- and I have to be nice; otherwise I'll get criticized for speaking poorly about our courts. I'll be criticized by these people, among the most dishonest people in the world -- I will be criticized -- I'll be criticized by them for speaking harshly about our courts. I would never want to do that. A judge has just blocked our executive order on travel and refugees coming into our country from certain countries.
His father was sick and not well, and in the hospital. And I don't know how that worked out. I hope it worked out OK. But he's telling me about that. I said I'll do your show, I'll do your show, I promise, I'll do your show. Bottom line is probably called up and we didn't do a show. It comes out against me. That's all it is. If I did interviews with him then, he wouldn't have done it. That's the way life is, folks.
Figure this one, only in the world of politics can this happen. But if you watch CNN and MSDNC, then that works, it's all they talk about. They focus on case numbers, you know, case numbers? You know why we have so many case numbers? Because we do more testing then any country in the world, times five, ten, twenty.
Thank you very much, Vince. Great job. Somebody else who's really been out there that's been brave who wants to go many steps further than anybody. Wendy Rogers. Right? Thank you, Wendy. Great job. You knew the answer early on, Wendy. We're waiting for results, but you knew the answer. And I think Kelly Townsend is around someplace.
But then Tony found a construction company that invests in Opportunity Zones. He is now a top tradesman, drug-free, reunited with his family, and he is here tonight. Tony, keep up the great work. Tony. Thank you, Tony. Our roaring economy has, for the first time ever, given many former prisoners the ability to get a great job and a fresh start.
The problem we have is that their leaders are much smarter, sharper, and more cunning than our leaders. Are you shocked to hear that, by the way? Is anybody not sharper and more cunning and smarter than our leaders? Any country in the world? Do we make any good deals any more on trade? When was the last time you said Oh gee ... I was in Los Angeles. I see these ships come in.
And she got virtually no legislation passed. She couldn't get anything passed. It was unbelievable. At the same time, or similar time a little while ago, they had an article about Donald Trump and what I did for New York and Manhattan and the buildings and the revitalization and all of that.
We will keep you out of them. And by the way, we have weapons, the likes of which, nobody has ever seen before. We have a level of a degree of which, nobody from Russia to China, to North Korea, nobody's ever seen what we built and just hope to God we never have to use them, but we have never had anything like the arsenal that we've built over the last three years.
She's only tough on guys like me because they want to go after their political opponents. And we won the big case in Florida. Did you see? We won it. And he -- and he had a similar case, but it was much worse, and he didn't have the Presidential Records Act. He had a similar case. And, you know, the special counsel, which is basically a special prosecutor, adjudged him to be essentially mentally incompetent, with poor memory, but a nice old guy.
There was nobody there practically. True. Because nobody's going to see her. But the dishonest media doesn't say that. I saw it. "She has a wonderful crowd." That's not a wonderful crowd. They're there because Beyonce's there. They're there because J-Lo is there and because Jon Bon Jovi is there. I mean give me a break, folks.
But the people of this country, whether it's Arizona or Georgia, or Wisconsin or Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and if you look at all of Michigan and others, the people get it more so than the politicians. With that being said, we have some great, great Republican politicians. And they proved that on Thursday, when they totally decimated the people that were making the Arizona presentation in Congress.
You know all about MS-13. You have an MS-13 problem. I'm going to work with your governor, and we're going to get MS-13 out of Virginia within one month. One month. [Applause] And you know what? She wants to defund ICE. Think of that. She wants to defund. If we didn't have ICE, I couldn't make that promise.
By the end of the day, she was talking about it like it was you know, OK. Because she was being hit from so many -- because people are angry. We're angry at the stupidity of our government. The fact that we allow things like ISIS to happen, shouldn't happen. The weakness of our leaders, the total weakness.
Right. That's right. Unidentified
Other than that, it's very fair to us. We're not doing that anymore. Secretary Azar has done an incredible job. Drug prices will be falling radically. Got a lot of people that are middlemen that aren't going to like me too much. Republicans are also strongly protecting Medicare. A majority of Democrats on the ballot for Congress have already signed up for a government takeover of health care that would obliterate Medicare and terminate Medicare Advantage for half a million Illinois seniors who depend on it. It will obliterate it. Republicans will defend Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it. And whether you know it or not, they've actually paid for it. This week, I proudly -- very proudly signed into law the largest bill to fight the opioid epidemic, largest in American history, $6 billion to fight a big problem that you have in Illinois and that we have all over the country.
She didn't, you know, if somebody grabs you even one of the guys, even the bikers, if somebody grabs even a biker or punches you a little bit, you'll awe, right? I mean, the toughest guy, the toughest woman. Look at her face. It's zero. They're going to destroy a man's life? And then I have Cruz starting, oh, that was a terrible thing.
They won't do anything, though. Like open borders, you'd think they'd close the borders. They're not doing it. You would think they would be closing the borders right now that have -- they don't care. They actually want -- I think they want to destroy our country. But with the trucks, you would think that they'd sit down for about three minutes with trucking companies.
So now, the people of Wisconsin say, well, let's see, the state set a record, the most successful it's ever been. By the way, that's because we got a lot of help from a guy named Scott Walker. Ron Johnson, all those guys, because this didn't happen so quickly, but think. So, how do you beat that? You have the most successful lowest unemployment rate you've ever had, and then, they say somebody is going to come and say we'll do a better job, really, going to do a better job?
We will never let you down. As long as we are confident and united, the tyrants we are fighting do not stand even a little chance because we are Americans, and Americans kneel to God and God alone. My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together has only just begun, and it is time to start talking about greatness for our country, greatness again.
While the killer was wanted for outstanding attempted versions of various forms of strangulation that were looking for this particular killer all over the country, he was allowed to come into our country by a very weak border policy. And just a few weeks ago, I met with the grieving family of Laken Riley.
We're not gonna be able to get you taxes. We're not gonna be able to get you taxes. We're not gonna be able to get you good healthcare. We're not gonna be able good healthcare, we're not gonna be able good healthcare. We're not gonna be able to save your Second Amendment, which is to save your Second Amendment, which is to save your Second Amendment, which is under siege by the way, the National under siege, by the way, the National under siege, by the way, the National Rifle Association, the NRA endorsed me Rifle Association, the NRA endorsed me Rifle Association, the NRA endorsed me with the earliest endorsement.
He'll call you 30 times a day until he gets it just perfect. And he was instrumental in passing the USMCA, a giant win for American agriculture. In fact, so good that Mexico and -- you know that Canada, especially, with Trudeau, they want to renegotiate the deal. It's turned out so good. We got rid of NAFTA, the worst deal ever made, worst trade deal ever made.
Not like that. Last week, weirdo, he's a weirdo, Mark Zuckerberg came to the White House, kissed my ass, kissed my ass. "Sir, I'd love to have dinner. Sir, I'd love to have dinner. I'd love to bring my lovely wife." "All right, Mark. Come on in." "Sir, you're number one on Facebook, I'd like to congratulate you." "Thank you very much, Mark.
It's been fantastic.
We are a nation that no longer has a free and fair press. Fake news is all you get. And they indeed, oh yes, they are indeed the enemy of the people. They refuse to discuss the Biden crime family, but enjoy covering the false indictments of Donald J. Trump who has done nothing wrong except win an election that was not supposed to be able to be won.
They weren't paying their bills. You've been reading about it. I've been saying, "Look, if they're not going to pay, we're not going to protect, OK?" And Biden has said, "Oh, this is so bad. This is so terrible," that -- he would say that. No, if they're not paying their bills, and most of them weren't when I got there, and when they asked me a question, they said, "Does this mean one of the heads of one of the countries --" at that time, we had 28 countries, of which seven were paying their fair share, which was still low, but seven, the United States was paying for almost all of it. It was terrible.
Media and academic institutions push flat-out assaults on our histories, traditions and values. In the United States, my administration has made clear to social media companies that we will uphold the right of free speech. A free society cannot allow social media giants to silence the voices of the people.
It would have been unacceptable, unsustainable, unsustainable. We did everything right, we did it right. We closed it down. We stopped China. We stopped Europe. Now, we're opening it up and we're opening it up to record numbers, despite the fact that the Democrats are keeping their states shut down and hurting people that live in those states, shut down as long as possible. [Audience shouts "Boo"] But now, Biden wants to do another blanket shutdown, possibly, that would decimate the economy and cause suicides, drug overdoses, alcohol abuse, heart attacks, joblessness, you'd have jobs -- all of the problems that it causes because it's not just a one-sided equation.
... is October 18th. So do it. Do it. Most importantly, November 8th get out there, but do it. And early voting begins on the 22nd. With your votes, you will also be voting to protect the Second Amendment rights of every law-abiding gun owner in Nevada. [Applause]
We are also going to end government corruption.
Thank you very much. I'll be back. November 3rd, we have to win. God bless you, God bless the great state of Minnesota and God bless America. Thank you all very much.
Rapidly, which is good. We have more time to speak. I mean, we had the first debate. It was like you get 12 seconds to give your answer on illegal immigration. The whole thing was ridiculous. So, now, we have more and more time, which is a good thing. I think it's a great thing, actually. but they'd always come up to me and say, "Well, what do you mean Mexico's going to pay for the wall?
But if you don't mind, we don't need the money you know and we won't do it that way, but they're raising a lot of money. And every time I see them raising a lot of money, I say because I know exactly what's going on, deals are being made. That especially when you look at Joe Biden, I mean look at what's going on with that family.
Again, I don't know him. Sonny Borrelli. He's great. Where's Sonny? There he is. I recognized that man from television, but I don't know Sonny. But, Sonny, you're really an amazing guy and a brave guy and a strong, smart guy. Thank you very much, all of you. Vince Leach. Where's Vince? Thank you, Vince.
Don't ever forget it. [Audience shouts "Boo"] They're after your Second Amendment. And with the Republicans, I can tell you one thing, nobody's going to hurt your Second Amendment. Nobody. In their campaign to transform America, Democrats are becoming increasingly totalitarian, suppressing dissent, defaming the innocent, eliminating due process, staging show trials, and trying to overthrow American democracy to impose their socialist agenda.
And stopping it for Arizona was a, that was a big deal. I ended catch and release, I closed the lobbyist loopholes, I took down the smugglers and coyotes, these are not nice people, by the way, and I kept my promise to the American people. We are finding the drug dealers all over, and we are arresting the drug dealers like they have never been arrested before.
Was that Trump derangement syndrome? That committee was a rigged deal, but did you ever see anybody like her? She had seriously -- she had a massive case of Trump derangement syndrome, didn't she? But a man, he voted to impeach me, and you know, when people vote to impeach -- that's sort of the ultimate.
Remember, I got to 98 percent and I said, "All right, now I can bring our people home." "Sir -- " And then what happened is the press; they didn't care. But they went crazy. "He didn't complete the job." I was at 98 percent, Matt. They said, "He didn't complete the job." I said, "General, complete the job." And they completed the job.
Nobody was signing up. That was going to be the most empty Olympics in history. Nobody wanted to be blown up watching the Olympics, right? And all of a sudden, he called and he wanted to meet, and we ended up meeting. There was no war, there was no anything. And so, it was a little bit rough the first period of time.
Great, great guy. Don Bacon. Wow. Wow. Well, I him too, but I don't know if I like him that much. That's very good. I'll tell you, you better get me Omaha. Do you understand that? It's just -- Now I know. I wouldn't have asked it, but I'm going to say, "Make sure we win this side too." Right? Good. How we doing Don?
So is Rubio, very weak on illegal immigration. And Bush is so weak that he calls it an act of love, right? That immigration -- here's Bush, immigration is an act of love. They come full of. I said, excuse me? Excuse me? You look at the crime. You look at the problems. You look at what's happening even to the economy.
It wouldn't be built for 25 years. As opposed to $400,000 and we just opened the most beautiful embassy -- it's been open for seven months. Seven months. So we saved essentially, over $1 billion -- actually, we really saved $1.1 billion, you want to know the truth. But we saved $1.1 billion. We opened it up in four months.
But she voted to impeach me. And I did more for this state than any president in history. And that piece of voted to impeach me. I mean, not only ANWR. I got you the railroad. I got you Cove Road or whatever the hell they call it. For 50 years, they've been trying to get the highway, right? I got that. I got all the approvals.
We're going to have the best staff that you've ever seen and that's what I need. It's in a nice location, but I don't need that big building. Why don't you just sell the site to somebody? And we're going to be very happy and they want to have far fewer people, but we also want to have them in D.C. And if for no other reason, we like having law enforcement walking the streets of our capital.
They're not business people and they're essentially they're all bought. They're bought and paid for by special interests that want to see these things happen. So what's going to happen is they will never ever come to the conclusion and how simple a conclusion. Now when Ford and Carrier and Nabisco -- Nabisco is moving out of Chicago and they're moving where?
With your vote, we will continue to fight for American workers. Nobody's ever fought harder. Lower drug prices. I instituted a Favored Nations clause that drug companies do not like me. You're going to have a 60%, 70%, 80% drop in drugs. You know last year was the first year in 52 years that drug prices went down.
Actually, we're going to win Florida, too. And we're going to win Ohio and we're going to win Iowa. [Applause]
He was assassinated. You know, being president is a very dangerous profession. If you're an auto racer, you know how many people die? About one-tenth of 1 percent. If you're a bull rider, that's dangerous. That's more dangerous than playing in the NFL, right, fellas, what do you think? I think it's a little more -- I don't know, it's pretty dangerous.
And that'll be on other countries to help rebuild our economy and to prevent cheating. So, we're going to have a minimum of cheating and we're going to be very severe on the people that -- at the gate that watch the tariffs and watch the product coming in because there's been a lot of bad things happening at the gate because the money is so enormous that you're talking about.
They can't get to a doctor. We have people that were sick, but not badly, and by the time they see the doctor they're terminally ill, and that's no more. They have choice. They can go. They can see a private doctor, and we pay the bill. And we also passed the V.A. Accountability Law to ensure anyone who mistreats our veterans -- this has been going on for a long time -- is accountable.
So politics is interesting and I was never a politician before. For three months I've been a politician and you know for three months, we've been number one. You know they used to say, well, Michele Bachmann, nice woman. Herman Cain, good guy, but they were there for a week. And you know all about Michele Bachmann, right?
We had 31,000 people two weeks ago. And by the way, what they covered, that was when the kid was stomping on the cop car. When they were burning the American flags, they had kids stomping on the car, remember? So they didn't like talking about it too much. Last week I got the endorsement of the National Rifle Association, NRA.
Give me about 20 minutes I'll figure it out." I doubt he has any, I doubt he has any. I think we have everybody. We have everybody, Florida, Texas, Oklahoma. Chicago endorsed us. Isn't that nice, Chicago. With all the problems, with all the problems they have, and they have a great, they have a great group of people from law enforcement.
They walked in, they killed 14 of them and others also the hospital, horribly hurt. If we had guns on the other side of those lines so that bullets could go the other direction also. You wouldn't have 14 people, you wouldn't have 130 people killed. That I can tell you. Would have been a whole different story.
And also, wasn't it -- remember, right -- yoga? Yoga. Yoga and the wedding.
But the more success that we've achieved, the more unhinged the radical left has become. Anarchists and violent mobs have rioted in our Democrat-run cities, attacking our police, and tearing down statues. And, as you know, I signed a -- a clause. I got an old bill. You know, when they used to do powerful things, when they knew what the hell they were doing. [Laughter] I took an old bill, and I gave a nice, beautiful, brand-new executive order. It says, very easily -- could you imagine getting this today? -- you rip down a statue, a federal statue, you go to jail -- prison; they use the term "prison" -- you go to prison for 10 years. [Applause]
So I look at the various things to do with our country and by the way, one of them, boy, are we gonna take care of our vets, right? They did a poll, another poll, but they did a poll on like, who's one of the most popular with the vets? I was the most popular person, they liked me and I love them because, you know why? Because for 35 years, these senators and these -- other than Jeb, of course, I take Jeb, but these senators, these congressmen, these people in Washington including presidents, they have done nothing for the vets, they have done nothing. And we're gonna take care of our vets. But -- so they do this poll, and in the poll, I score really high marks on almost everything other than they thought I wasn't a nice person. They said, who's the nicest? And I was like, pretty low in that poll, and I'm a nice person, but who cares?
We will stop the invasion and end migrant crime, support our police, strengthen our military, build a missile defense shield over our country. Much of it will be made right here. Ronald Reagan wanted to do it many years ago. But we didn't -- honestly, we were lucky we didn't because we didn't have the technology.
They treated you like it was a bad thing, but it's a great thing, not a good thing. It's a great thing. So, if I get elected president, one of the early things, one of the absolute first things I'm going to do is work on totally knocking out the Johnson amendment. Now, it's not going to be that hard, because even the Democrats -- the power you have is so enormous.
But they're not going to be able to carry the water, and there's a bad seat. You know, when you get people in -- how about Nikki? She'd go, "I would never run against our president. He's the greatest president. He did a great job. He was a great president. I would never run." This goes on for two years, you know, "I'd never run against the president." Then one day, I heard she's having a news conference. "I'm going to be running for the presidency." She doesn't have what it takes.
And right now, auto companies and others are building their plants and factories in America, not firing their employees, and not deserting us for other countries. In perhaps no area did the Washington special interests try harder to stop us than on my policy of pro-American immigration. But I refused to back down, and today America's borders are more secure than ever before.
And I love sports. I think I should have come here. I think I should have come here. Congratulations as well to the women's track and field team for winning two SEC titles this year. That's something. And as long as I'm President, we will always protect women's sports. Men will not play in women's sports.
Oh, we have to get along with them. I've dealt with politicians all my life. You know, somebody said the west side railroad yards, in Manhattan, from 72nd Street to 59th Street, I had to deal with many community groups. I had to deal with thousands of people. I had people picketing and rioting and protesting years ago.
You gotta speak to him about this. You can't do this kind of stuff. Called freedom of speech, right? The Biden-Harris plan would also increase refugees coming into our country by more than 700%. It would be the highest level anywhere in the world. That's, that's Bernie. That's crazy Bernie. They pledge to terminate all national security travel bans, opening the flood gates to radical Islamic terrorism.
Everyone said he'll never give his financials. I reported to all of my financials and the reporters are saying, oh damn it, damn it, they're really good. They were hoping and a friend of mine is a very rich guy said now, I know you're rich because you would have never run if you weren't really rich. You better believe it. So anyway, no, I built a great company, very little debt, tremendous cash flow, some of the greatest assets in the world.
I said, "That was quick. We keep going like this, he'll be a 30 in about two minutes." "I was a six handicap. I was an eight handicap." I said, "How the hell did that happen so fast, right?" He's not a six, he's not an eight, and he's not a 30. He cannot break 100. I know. I can look at somebody, and I could look at their swing.
It's another genius concept of Elon Musk. And I called Elon, and they were having a hard time getting it -- it's a -- it's a hot thing. And Elon immediately got involved, and we have the most incredible that they did. In one day, they got tremendous communication. They went from no -- I mean literally no communication to tremendous.
UFC. And they're crying when they're saying it. They haven't cried in 20 years. They haven't cried since they were a baby. They maybe didn't even cry then, but they were crying. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. I do appreciate it. If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your great family, and freedom to live your life, you must vote Republican.
In addition to fixing our healthcare, we're going to pursue new trade deals that create higher wages and more opportunities for American workers, bringing back those magnificent words, made in the USA." We used to have that. We don't have it anymore. [Applause]""n addition to fixing our healthcare
So, they never got to see -- because I'm sure there were people that were as unpopular -- probably can't be many. But she lost by, I think, 40%. It's the biggest. Did you know that? The biggest margin ever lost in the history of our country. And then I see her on CNN and MS -- MS is worse than CNN. MSDNC.
I'll say to friends, I'll say to friends, did you see my speech last night? Yes, then, the first I have to say, How good was I? How good? and they say, Good. I said, Did they show the crowd? No they didn't., he said, But you know what, I could tell by the noise that crowd was really big. You can't hide that, you can't hide that. [Cheering] So good.
Got to learn your lesson. On her way to work one morning, down the path along the lake, a tenderhearted woman saw a poor half-frozen snake. His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. "Poor thing," she cried. "I'll take you in, and I'll take care of you." "Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in, for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,"
No, no, no, we cannot do that. We're not going to. Why would we do a thing like that? That'd be hundreds of thousands of people. That's right. On your side of the border, not on ours. He said, "We will not do that. We will not do that." I said, "Listen, I don't want to embarrass you, so send me over your representative."
And we get Bergdahl, a traitor. We get Bergdahl. And then, two days ago it came out that Bergdahl, they didn't want to put him in jail. You know in the old days, boom, firing squad. No, it's true. I love the Second Amendment. I love the second. So two days ago, it comes out that Sergeant Bergdahl won't even have to go to jail.
I gave a free hand to our great ICE agents and let them do their jobs. These are brave people. I have friends in the audience. A couple of them are tough people, very tough people. But they're not tough like the ICE people. They go into those nests of MS-13. They go in there, swinging it. This is not like a normal situation.
Let me tell you, I'm going to go right to the car business you mind? Because this car -- this is car country rapidly becoming not car country. But we're going to keep it car country, OK? So about a year and a half ago I heard that Ford, everybody works for Ford here? Good company, smart company but I heard that Ford is going to build a plant in Mexico.
They're wonderful individuals." I said, "Does that mean you're taking them back?" "Well, sir, I understand you're no longer making payment to us." I said, "That's right, and you'll never see that money again. You better open up." "Sir, we would be delighted to take them back. All you had to do was ask." Ten minutes later, I get a call from another, the exact same conversation, could have put it on tape. It would have been identical. "
But we got a very unfair press. When Bernie Sanders had his people leaving the room, nobody covered that. If I would have had people leave the room, it would have been a national scandal. When a certain man got up -- and I knew his speech. I said, look, let him speak, what difference does it make? And -- he says -- a certain man got up and he spoke, and everybody in the room booed the hell out of him. In fact, I saved his life when I walked back into the room. But everybody in the room -- and his numbers went down like from 68 to 20- something. That's called unity, folks. That's unity. That's a good thing, not a bad thing. That is unity.
No, I love them. But their leaders are much smarter than our leaders, and we can't sustain ourself with that. There's too much -- it's like -- it's like take the New England Patriots and Tom Brady and have them play your high school football team. That's the difference between China's leaders and our leaders.
You know who that is, right? AOC plus three. [Audience boos] Remember what she said? Twelve years. Well, the 12 years has pretty much come up, Mr. Congressman, right? Matt, right? The 12 years has come and gone. "We weren't going to be around anymore after 12 years." This is a young lady who -- I don't know if she's having a lot of fun or what.
General Mattis is the living embodiment of the Marine Corps motto semper fidelis, always faithful. And the American people are fortunate that man of this character and integrity will now be the civilian leader atop the Department of Defense under his leadership, right? [Applause]
You know, it -- it does give us our electricity because there's nothing like coal in terms of power. But it's going to be clean, beautiful coal like our bill. It's going to be clean and beautiful coal miners. And by the way, they've made tremendous progress with also coal in terms of clean coal. But the coal miners standing understanding alongside of me this afternoon in the White House, they were incredible.
Oh, I could -- I know them. I was going to say so I'm at the debate and I'm looking at the audience and it was supposed to be children's, you know, college kids and young kids and it wasn't. Because these rich guys bought all the tickets from the college students. I don't actually totally believe that. I actually think that the RNC gave them the tickets to be totally honest.
Well, you know, we don't have too many Howie. I'll be honest with you. You know, the press likes to report we have some of these long-term people that have done such a bad job. Look at the problem our country is in. I would never use these people and they know that. So then they announce in a group that they're going over to Hillary, right? You understand, and they announce in the group.
That would do more to heal, and I mean heal our country and support our people, than to provide a greater platform, stronger, greater, to the black churches and church goers. I was in Detroit recently with Bishop Jackson who is an incredible guy also. And it was incredible what I saw. The love in that room, and I'm not saying the love for me. I'm just saying the love in that room for everybody, and the spirit.
I said number one, it's obsolete. It was, you know, really developed for the Soviet Union which doesn't even exist now. But Russia's plenty of problems. I mean, Russia's big stuff, and you know, it's good. But today, we have a different -- we have a problem with terrorism, right? We have a big problem with terrorism.
I know them, and I spoke to them and I talked about trade. I said, but you're not trading with us if you're going to go to war, if you're going to start throwing nuclear weapons around. And I said it to both of them and they were both unbelievable, actually. They understood it exactly, they stopped. I stopped that war with phone calls and trade.
When you have people making less money today, as you know, because you see every stat. Less money today, David, than they made 18 years ago. And in some cases, they're working two jobs, so they're getting older and they're working harder. It shouldn't be that way.
And they were among the nastiest of people, can you believe it? They were the nastiest ones, the ones that had zero. Anyway, so I hit 38% and then I hit 42%. And I'll never forget one of the people. I hit 42% and there were like 10 people left, 10 people. And they said, "He hit 42% but he could not break 50." How many times.
We are $20 trillion in debt -- doubled under Obama -- and we run massive trade deficits on an annual basis, almost $800 billion in trading with the world this year. Think of it. We had a trade deficit this year almost $800 billion. [Booing]
The FBI did not act. I have such respect for the FBI. I am so disappointed. I am so disappointed the FBI. I have such high regard, high respect for the FBI. How did they let that happen? She was so guilty. She was so guilty. The world is laughing at us, folks. And then you have Bill Clinton meeting with the attorney general in the back of an airplane for 39 minutes.
They want to make them citizens and they want them to get onto Social Security, Medicare, and other plans? And that's going to be very destructive. It's going to destroy Social Security. In addition, as part of our efforts to help working families, I'm announcing today in a major statement that under the Trump administration, your government will pay for, or your insurance company will be mandated to pay for all costs associated with IVF treatment, fertilization for women, IVF treatment.
Ah well, that's easy. I hope he doesn't appoint too many actually because I'd rather appoint mine. You know we have some judges that are -- we -- well and one of them that was appointed by Bush, as you know, Justice Roberts, approved Obamacare twice. We could have had Obamacare knocked out twice and by every standard, what he did was wrong.
The worst trade deal ever signed in the history of the world, believe me. America has lost -- I never believe number when I give it -- but America's lost 70,000 factories -- 70,000. You wouldn't think it's possible. Seventy thousand factories since China entered the World Trade Organization, another Bill and Hillary-backed disaster. We're living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world, we are. Nobody has every lost jobs like we do. Defective contracts, negotiated by political hacks.
Now it's time for the American people to take back their future. We're going to take it back. That's the choice we face. We can either give in to Hillary Clinton's campaign of fear or we can choose to believe, again, in American. Very sadly we lost our way when we stopped believing in our country. America became the world's dominant economy by becoming the world's dominant producer.
No one in America has been hurt more as a result of the Democrats' corrupt leadership and socialist policies than our nation's African American communities. It's true. That's true. It's true. For a hundred years -- for a hundred years, African Americans have gone with the Democrats. Has it worked? [Audience calls out "No"]
We just want to level playing field and we've been treated badly for years, for years. And I said, well, you haven't been given a level playing field for many, many years, for decades. You haven't been given a level playing field. We're going to give you the levelest field that you have ever -- but, but in the meantime, I'm going to give you $12 billion out of these tens of billions that we're collecting.
So if the fake news asked me a question about like something, I cannot speak, I'm sorry. How do you think that would be in a campaign you're watching? "What do you think about the campaign?" I'm sorry, I can't comment. She put a gag order, then it's been taken off by the Appellate Division. But you got to count it. But think of it. They do things like this, but she sets a trial date.
Just watch, stay tuned. Right now, I'm fighting to make sure we eradicate the virus, rebuild the economy, and save our country from the radical left. We're hitting record stock market numbers, record 401(k)s, record stocks, record job numbers. Don't blow it, don't blow it. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes, you know, wants to quadruple. [Audience Boos] How about where he gets caught again?
I said, "All right. You're there. Keep the oil. Just keep the --" remember, I used to say, "Keep the oil." You know, Iraq has more oil than almost anybody? It's like massive, but they didn't keep the oil. And they have hundreds of billions of dollars right now. Under my administration, we had no war in the Middle East.
We'll restore patriotic education to our schools. [Applause] I mean, what they're teaching students today is incredible. They come home; it's like a different world. What is it -- 1619 now? All of a sudden, they change. Now they're thinking about making another change because they don't like that. I don't know.
A lot of people got very lucky. We're thrilled to be joined tonight by many great Republican leaders, a man who has helped me right from the beginning, a very special guy, Representative Bill Johnson, Bill. Where is Bill? Thank you, Bill. Thank you, Bill. Great job, great job and his fellow friends, Jim Jordan, [Inaudible]. We have a lot of your Congressmen, right now in Congress, they said, sir, should we come with you?
We're going to have a country left. What they're doing at this level, you're not going to have a country left. There's no greater crisis facing our nation today than the catastrophe on our southern border. You've been watching it and a lot of the fake news, and you've got a lot of them back. Look at all of those fake news.
How the hell can a woman -- is there any woman in this audience that wants to take this guy on? All right. No, I love that guy. He wears it. Anybody who wears a Trump shirt, I like that guy. He looks OK to me. We will defend the Second Amendment, restore free speech, and we will secure our elections.
You know what I did when we won last time. Somebody else took the Convention Center spent a fortune and I just took a hotel ballroom. I said, "What the heck, if I win, nobody cares and if I -- if I don't --" Look, if you win, nobody cares what room you're in. If you lose, nobody cares what room you're in right.
We're going to go get into great detail over the next two weeks, but we're working on it with Congress now, and coming up with very exacting numbers. But here are my four basic principles for tax reform:
We have sadists, we have thieves, sadists, but we had sadists that did bad things to our people, to our heroes, bad, bad things. And we couldn't fire them, because of civil service laws and various other reasons. Unions a little bit, but civil service. You couldn't fire them no matter what they did.
I don't. All the while, the government of China was paying Bill a lot of money to make speeches. Not, I mean, is that a conflict or what? St. Clairsville region, if you think it is, has lost half of its manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton signed NAFTA in 1994, which Hillary also supported, right? So, by the way, NAFTA was one of the worst -- maybe the worst agreement in the history of this country in terms of trade, in terms of losing our manufacturing, OK? WTO was bad, NAFTA was a disaster.
The decision is ours to make. We must choose between greatness or gridlock, results or resistance, vision or vengeance, incredible progress or pointless destruction. Tonight, I ask you to choose greatness. Over the last two years, my administration has moved with urgency and historic speed to confront problems neglected by leaders of both parties over many decades.
Did you ever think of that one? We have an airport, we don't have enough room. This is amazing, there's never been anything like this that's ever happened in the history of politics. Probably in any other history -- and I don't have a guitar. You know what the truth is -- No, it's true. They don't get crowds like this, nobody gets crowds like this.
And I do love what you have on your handsome chest. I do love it. They come up with some beautiful slogans that I'm very honored by actually. But, you know, the biggest criminals in the world were indicted four times. They were indicting me so fast, and my poll numbers were going up through the roof, and then they were going to indict me two more times.
That's pretty good -- 3.1. The press tried to make it 2.9. I said, "It's not 2.9." What they did is they took odd months. I said, "No, no, no. You go from January to December. You don't take certain months and add them up." Because I said, "We're going to break 3." And we did. We did 3.1. The fake news tried to change it but we caught them.
So they got angry and it was peanuts anyway. It wasn't a big deal. But I just hate to say. And by the way so many people are boycotting Macy's. It's I love it. I love it. I love it because that's what's wrong with our country. People are afraid to do the right thing. They're afraid. Then I heard I was losing NASCAR headlines all over the world.
Stand up. Great job. Great job. Thank you. Thank you very much. Welcome back to the nation's capital where our movement is thriving, fighting, winning and dominating Washington like never before. Nobody's ever seen anything like this before. They used to have little, smaller crowds here. It's a little bigger.
Oh. She never worked at McDonald's. So, in conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala and save America. [Applause] Right? We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always cherish our great American flag. We will cut your taxes, crush inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and create the greatest job boom the world has ever seen.
And then last week. What did we see last week? The sailors. Ten sailors. They get what happened now. How bad was that? What you think? Do you ever see it? So they're put in a begging position with their hands up guns to their head over nothing. Instead of let's fix your engine and get you out of here. A big deal.
And by the way, did you ever notice, she never talks about policy, she never talks about illegal immigration, she never talks about anything. All she does is a total hit job on Donald Trump. She makes up terms, right? She makes up terms.
We didn't need the Middle East. We didn't need Russia. We didn't need anybody. In two weeks -- in two weeks, you will not be energy-independent. They're canceling leases. They're stopping drilling. They want to go to windmills, right? Windmills, wind, wind. Oh, boy, oh, boy. They want to go, "Let's go build a windmill, Alice.
And Obama, I mean, she can't go against him because only does boom she gets indicted. That's the end of it. That's the end of it.
Americans are tired of being told by politicians that they have to defer their dreams to another day, but they really mean another decade. That's what they mean, they don't mean another day. They mean decades and decades away. Hillary has been there for 30 years, and she has accomplished nothing -- just made things worse. [Booing] She's the candidate of yesterday. We are a movement of the future. This is a movement, folks. [Applause]
Nobody's seen anything like it. And people are furious about it, and they all come out with some answer. "Well, we did this because of that and that." No. They took the answer out. They put a new answer in. There's nothing -- there's no justification. So, we're probably going to take them to court. Should I take them to court? [Audience responds affirmatively] OK.
But in the wake of such horror, we also witnessed the true character of our nation. A mother laid on top of her daughter to shield her from gunfire. A husband died to protect his beloved wife. Strangers rescued strangers, police officers -- and you saw that, all of those incredible police officers, how brave they were, how great they were running into fire.
They die waiting in line. We're going to give them the power to go across the street, to a local doctor, a private doctor, a public hospital or private hospital, all looking to help and all looking to do business. And we'll pay the bill. So much cheaper, but much more importantly, the veterans will finally be taken care of properly.
I have a friend, he's a very, very substantial guy. He loves the city of lights, he loves Paris. For years, every year during the summer, he would go to Paris, was automatic with his wife and his family. Hadn't seen him in a while. And I said, Jim, let me ask you a question, how's Paris doing? "Paris? I don't go there anymore, Paris is no longer Paris." That was four years -- four or five years hasn't gone there. He wouldn't miss it for anything. Now he doesn't even think in terms of going there.
Look. I don't know if I'm a good speaker, but you know what every time I have a 25,000 seat stadium, we fill it up, so something has -- it has to be right. Maybe it's just pure ideas. I don't know, it's hard.
And they did that here more than any other place in our country. Forty percent of Michigan auto jobs were annihilated after NAFTA. And China's entry into the World Trade Organization was a disaster for your beautiful place, your beautiful city, and, frankly, your beautiful state. Detroit was decimated as a -- [Audience member responds "That's right"]
But after years of globalist, radical left politicians making bad decisions like Kamala, they waged a war on your commonwealth like never before. And they annihilated your steel mills, decimated your coal jobs, assaulted your oil and gas jobs, and sold off your manufacturing jobs to China and other foreign nations all over the world.
There is no greater expression of love than the love shown by the men and women who have laid down their lives for their country and its people.
But we can't take a chance. Somebody said, well, it could be 10%, it could be 24%, maybe it's only 7%. Can you imagine? supposing we take in 50,000 -- 60,000 or 70,000 people and you're talking about 7% or 10%, that's 7000 people. Look what two people did in California. Look what two people did. So we can't do this anymore.
And when you have China with a 500-billion-dollar-a year trade deficit and when you have Mexico with a trade deficit of $58 billion, I say by the way, we'll build a wall. The wall is going to cost $10 billion. It's really easy to figure when we have a trade deficit with Mexico of $58 billion, it's really, really easy to figure that out.
They're copying it now, the Democrats. They're copying it now Promises Made, Promises Kept. They're copying it, but what are you going to do? But this is a man that really -- he makes a promise that it's 100% good. He's tremendous and done so much. He's from a place called Colorado, and he's helping to lead our campaign to elect more Senate Republicans like the man we're going to elect in West Virginia, Cory Gardner. Thank you, Cory.
NAFTA. How many -- how many buildings, how many factories did you lose right here? When they moved over to Mexico, moved up to Canada, moved all over the place, but that's not going to happen anymore. The new deal makes it very prohibitive to do that. In 2017, I signed a historic executive order making it really something.
A lot of them are no longer with us. They lost it during the last three years, 325,000 children, young children. Think of it. Never to see their parents again. They're either gone or they're in the service as slaves, slaves -- sex slaves or slaves. And I just think it's terrible. You know, they talk about us like we're evil people.
And by the way, nobody's ever suffered like Justice Kavanaugh, what he went through, nobody. But we put Justice Kavanaugh, Justice Gorsuch, Gorsuch, she's just fantastic, intellect, fantastic people. And now we have Amy to go along with it and it's gonna be unbelievable. In other way they'll be voting, the full senate will be voting.
He was, as you know, from Iran, and it really set them back a long time. I believe that the mullahs, I believe that the leaders of Iran actually were happy about it because they were afraid of him, very afraid of him, I believe. I may be wrong about that, but the prime minister told me that, "When I heard that Soleimani was killed, I walked to my house from my office, and I stayed in my house and contemplated for one week.
It really is. It's in your hands. On Tuesday, you have to stand up. You have to tell Kamala. [Audience boos] And you can't call her Harris. You know why? Because nobody knows. I mean, you say Harris, "Who the hell is Harris?" The whole thing doesn't work, so we'll just call her Kamala. You're going to tell her that you've had it.
Your jobs will come back under a Trump Administration. Your incomes will go up under a Trump Administration. Your taxes will go way down under a Trump Administration. Your companies won't be leaving Wisconsin under a Trump Administration.
We're going to stop the product dumping, the unfair foreign subsidies and the currency manipulation that's absolutely killing our companies. And by the way, killing our jobs.
But to fix our immigration system, we must change our leadership in Washington, and we must change it quickly. Sadly, sadly, there is no other way. The truth is our immigration system is worse than anybody ever realized. But the facts aren't known because the media won't report on them. The politicians won't talk about them.
We're not making an Iran deal where we give them $150 billion and we get nothing. we get nothing. Take of it -- think of it, we go into the Iran deal, it started when? Years ago, how long have they been negotiating? They called up, one of the newspapers, called up, "Mr. Trump. How long should that deal have taken?" "One day." I said.
And you watch what's going to happen. Just watch prescription drug prices. You know, I called up Pfizer and some of the great drug companies. They're great companies. Novartis, a couple of others, about a month ago, because they raised the price of their drugs. And I called, I said, what are you doing? You can't do that.
I watched her yesterday, such lies. Her entire campaign is one hoax and slander after another. But the more they lie, the more they smear, and the more they tell untruths, we have to go out and we have to get to vote. No, she'll say everything, "Trump will never frack." Oh, really? "Trump will never drill."
I get a call an hour ago and they say, "Sir, we have a problem." I say, "Oh, here we go. What is it?" They said this and I laugh. But they said, "The people don't fit into the hangar." I said, "But that's a good problem isn't it?" Change has to come from outside our corrupt system. The fact that the Washington establishment has tried so hard to stop our campaign which is actually a movement.
These guys are fantastic people. They'd love to do their job. They can't do their job. They're not allowed to do their job. And people are pouring into the country. And now, we have Syrians that look awfully strong. No. Can't do it. Hey, look we all have a heart. And you know what, I'm all for building safe zones in Syria, which is much less expensive.
And you have Hillary, and just -- if anybody watched that debate last night, what it means is tremendously high taxes, things are not going to happen with the military. We need to build our military so big, so strong, so powerful... [Applause]
But we'll get the homeless and the dangerously deranged, of which we have many, off of our streets. And many are coming in because, I said, they're coming in from the mental institutions all over the world, and we'll get them the help they need. It's a very hard thing to get the help they need, and many of these people are never going to make a comeback.
We're not liking it at all, can't do that. But I said, is Mexico, does it have much of a drug? She said no, we're not a consuming nation. I thought it was an interesting term. And I said why? Which I've heard also, by the way, they're not a consuming nation. They distribute, but they don't consume. But I said, why are you not a consumer?
We never get sick of winning. We're going to win so much. You're going to be so proud of this country. You're going to be so proud of your president. And I love you all. Make America great again. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
In 2014, the VA awarded $142 million in bonuses to its employees, including bonuses to the executives who oversaw construction of the Denver VA hospital that was more than $1 billion over budget.
I guess I should go, maybe Des Moines. I come here. I like you people, but maybe Des Moines, is that the best thing? But I'm going to be -- She's saying, no, come here. We have to get them out. So I'm going to be here and I'm going to be working it just like everybody else. We have tremendous numbers of precinct captains here, all these people with these gorgeous hats, I want one of those hats.
And, frankly, I've had some great business leaders talking to me. And if they had their choice between -- we have the biggest tax cut bill in the history of our country, and we also, in that bill, got included ANWR -- one of the great oil sites in all of the world, in Alaska. And we got rid of the individual mandate, which is, by far, the biggest problem with Obamacare -- the individual mandate -- where you paid a lot of money for the privilege not to pay a lot of money for healthcare.
Who else is going to do it? Ice officers arrested over 5,000 criminal aliens charged or convicted of dangerous offenses, including robbery, rape and even murder. Many murders. In western Nevada, an illegal alien was charged with robbing and brutally executing four victims last year. Right here in Las Vegas, three MS13 gang members abducted a man, tied him up with his shoelaces, shot him repeatedly and hacked him to death with a machete.
His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. 'Poor thing!' she cried. 'I'll take you in, and I'll take care of you!' 'Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in, for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,' sighed the vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk.
The silent majority is back and stronger than ever before. My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together has only just begun, and it is time to start talking about greatness for our country again. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. So with the help of everyone here today and the citizens all across our land, we will make America powerful again.
With fifty people dead, and dozens more wounded, we cannot afford to talk around the issue anymore -- we have to address it head on.
And I love Kentucky, I'll never forget it. OK. Go ahead, darling. Right here. Right here.
They want to talk about water, which I still have. I supply all my clubs. I have a water company. They want to talk about a magazine, and I have a magazine that goes to all my clubs. They don't want -- little tiny thing, you know, wherever you can find. By the way, a school, little deal, but very -- you know, I loved it when it was there.
But with all of you in Georgia and conservative patriots all across the nation, we will end their reign of radicalism in Washington D.C. forever. With the Republican Congress, we will fight for more jobs for Georgia families, fair trade for Georgia workers, and more Georgia factories forging more products stamped with that beautiful phrase, made in the USA.
I don't know if you've heard, but the Georgia State Election Board is in a very positive way. This is a very positive thing, Marjorie. They're on fire. They're doing a great job. Three members, [Applause] Janice Johnson, Rick Jeffares, and Janelle King. Three people are all pit bulls fighting for honesty, transparency and victory.
And they used to say no, no, these are -- illegal immigrants, they said, are very kind people. Remember that? They used to say they're kind -- they don't commit crimes. No, they make our criminals look like extremely nice people and we have to get them out. And it's a big job, but we're doing it and step by step.
American steel. [Applause] If they want a pipeline in the United States, they're going to use pipe that's made in the United States. Do we agree? [Applause]
If a governor wants to have vast numbers of people killed and riots and all of the problems that we have, we're not going to wait any longer. We're going to pass legislation where we can immediately go in and help those people that are under siege, and they have governors that don't know what they're doing.
And it's going to be -- you're just about -- I hate to say this. You're just about the only state that doesn't have a VA hospital, but yours is going to be better than any of them. We ll -- I'll get involved in the real estate world. We'll start looking at the corners, and we'll say we'll build a better one for half the price, better than anybody, but you'll have it. And that's already on the drawing board.
They shouldn't be in our country. And it's really amazing to see what some of our law enforcement does and how much they love you. And that's the fact. That's the fact. And we're lucky to have them. To revitalize distressed neighborhoods, we created something that I'm very proud of. Tim Scott, South Carolina.
We were taking in hundreds of billions of dollars, and they were willing to do anything to get rid of that. And by the way, now, if you look at the Biden administration, I'm hearing they want to give up the taxes and tariffs that we're charging China. And if you do that, they will own us very quickly. We saved our steel industry.
You know, we made America great. And I was going to use that. I was going to make -- I had a wonderful theme. It was Keep America Great, but I can't use that anymore, Keep America Great, because frankly, whether you like it or not, and some people don't like it, America is not great now. We're a laughingstock all over the world.
That was a great primary and a great victory. That same day, there's another crucial election in North Carolina's 9th -- You know, right? You know what we're talking about night. I know it's not here, but it's very close. Right? 9th Congressional district, the Democrat in the race is an ultra-liberal named Dan McCready, wants to take away your guns.
They should have never approved it in the last budget. You know, our last budget three months ago, the omnibus. They call it the omnibus word. You know, they say the omnibus. It should never happened. It allows for Obamacare funding. OK. You couldn't survive without it. You know, how many times we could have killed Obamacare?
And they didn't even ask for it. They didn't ask for it. They don't ask for anything. You know, they don't ask. A lot of people ask. Everybody asks for everything. Everybody wants -- they want, want, want. They didn't want. They just want to take care of their -- their beautiful baby. The baby may be 45 years old, maybe 40.
They've shipped them to other countries. We don't make things anymore. We're going to have Apple start making things in our country. We're going to have companies like Apple start making things not in China, not in Vietnam and not all over the world. And they'll be happy to do it. We're going to have these great companies make things in our country.
Democrats want higher taxes, much higher taxes... They want many more regulations, and they want to shut down American energy. We're not shutting down American energy. It's an asset for us. Republicans want strong borders, no crime, no chaos, and no caravans. [Audience chants Build that wall] Thank you. Thank you.
And then after we make it great again, which we already have -- we've had 141 days where the stock markets have reached their all-time historical high, 141. Think of that. Out of three years, 141. And to me, I view it differently. Well, look at your 401(k)s. I mean, who is doing well with their 401(k)s? Up 90%, up 104%. Is there anybody doing badly with a 401(k)? I'd like to not talk to that person.
So it didn't take much courage. So they were getting all these great votes, you know, like, I think they voted, what, 61 times, like, 61 times to repeal and replace. They finally get a president who will sign the legislation and they don't have the guts to vote for it. OK? They don't have the guts to vote for it. [Booing]
Their policies are a disaster. They're bad politicians and they have horrible policies, but what they do, they stick together and they're vicious. They're vicious, horrible people. I didn't use to say that. They are horrible people. What they do to people is a disgrace, but they stick together. Now, the Republicans, thank you very much.
Hey, spent millions and millions of dollars in Iowa, right, millions. He got less than 1%. He got like one-third of 1%. I wrote a little note, did you see it? It said, "Tom, It's not so easy doing what I did, is it?" Not so easy, not so easy. All you have to do is ask Mini Mike, he's in there for a fortune ay yay, wished he never started.
So, with the help of everyone here today and citizens all across our land, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Ohio.
Now you learn about sanctuary cities -- the State of Florida, had sanctuary cities while Jeb Bush was governor, nobody said anything. And you know I have gotten very friendly, very, very friendly with a lot of the people because I've become -- it's become a very important issue for me; the whole thing with illegal immigration and crime. It is far worse than anybody in this room understands. It's far worse, far worse. Tremendous people come in, but you have some terrible, terrible problem. Terrible problem -- the other week, as you saw, that got a lot of press, a woman, 66-year-old veteran, raped, sodomized and killed by an illegal immigrant. Just came in and killed her, 66-year- old veteran, killed here. And that's happening all over. We are going to stop it. We are going to stop it. We going to have a wall... [Applause]
It was called the Trans-Pacific Partnership. It would have been a disaster. TPP would have gutted the American auto industry. Would have been in shambles. Our auto industry is coming back so strong. It would have gutted, would have destroyed the industry. But in my first week in office, I proudly withdrew the United States from that job, destroying catastrophe.
So -- no, we were always going to get it. We never had a problem with it. But if you think about, that by itself is a big bill. The individual mandate by itself is a big, powerful bill. That was just added on to what we did with the massive tax cuts.
We're going to the White House. We're going to tell the President, sir, we just can't stand winning. The state of Texas, John Cornyn and Ted Cruz, they're going to come into my office. Sir, we just, just can't stand this winning in Texas anymore. It's too much. We can't handle it. Well, that's what I want from the farmers.
You probably saw last week, Saudi Arabia said, "There's a lot of oil out there. We're cutting production, so we're going to cut it back." And they cut back production because they want to keep the prices high. And we don't have anybody that says, "That's not going to happen, folks. That's not going to happen.
Their jails are being emptied into the United States. Their gang members are being taken out of Caracas, Venezuela and lots of other places, which was a rough city, rough, very dangerous city. And they're being delivered into the United States. They're gang members. And these are tough gang members. You see what's happening in Aurora in Colorado.
They are having a tremendous problem with that. I fully know it. I fully understand it. We're going to do something about it. We have no choice. We have to do something about it. The truth is we have to treat our veterans much, much better. Our veterans are not being treated well, right? Thank you, man. Thank you.
He'd go, Barack. He's like falling asleep. Barack Hussein Obama. Barack Hussein Obama. We miss Rush, right? [Audience responds affirmatively] But we've got Sean Hannity, and we've got Laura. We've got Jesse. We've got Gutfeld. How do you like Gutfeld? I did his show. You know, I did his show, and he had the highest rating.
Thank you such spirit, such incredible spirit, look such spirit, such incredible spirit, look such spirit, such incredible spirit, look at young young, people come on down here at young young. People come on down here at young young. People come on down here, come come, come, get them down, come come, come, get them down, come come, come, get them down, come come down here, get down here look come come down here, get down here look come come down here, get down here, look at these Young kids look at these at these young kids, look at these at these young kids, look at these beautiful kids, look at these kids, get beautiful, kids look at these kids, get beautiful, kids look at these kids, get them up here, come on, come on, bring her Up here, let's go come, come on, bring her up here, let's go come, come on, bring her up here.
OK Let them use their jails. Our jails are brimming right now with people that shouldn't be in our prison system. They'll be in there for years and years and years and we'll be paying for. Not going to happen, folks. We're bringing them back where they came and went. And when a specific country sends them over to the United States because we have among the dumbest people in the world leading us and we accept their people.
Because I'm turning away so much money. Stand up, please. Could I take all this money? And everybody went crazy. No, no, no. There was only one guy and he was in the back corner of the room and he was a crooked-looking guy. He was the only guy -- he looked like such a crook. And he said it's OK to take it. And I look at that guy, I said I don't want anything to do with that -- he's the only guy.
Now they're doubling up. They're going to build more there. I would've let them have it so hard, they would never have the guts to build more there. Never have the guts. Nabisco, Nabisco just moved. They're big, they're big plant, where they make Oreos. They moved there. Which we don't eat anymore, right?
I'm going to be greedy for our country. I'm going to take. We're not going to be the stupid people anymore. We're going to be the really smart people and we're going to bring it back. You know, we own $19 trillion, $19 trillion. That's rapidly going up to $21 trillion because of the ridiculous budget. You see the budget that was passed two weeks ago?
I sat down with them. I said, "You need more money than that," and they're doing a great job. I said, "The only thing bad -- I got them ten-year financing. They don't have to come back to Washington. I said, "The only thing bad about it is I'll probably never see you again. I'll probably never see you again." But I took care of the colleges and they take care of incredible numbers of great Black students and they do a fantastic job.
Every country is taking our money and taking our jobs and we have people that are political hacks negotiating the biggest deals in the world, and they don't know what the hell they're doing. And we have the greatest business people in the world, many of whom have endorsed me, Carl Icahn, all these guys, they're all endorsing me, and they don't want to get paid money.
And we're actually afraid for their lives, and we cannot have drop boxes paid for by Facebook and Zuckerberg, where, by the way, massive numbers 95, 96% of the vote is for Joe Biden. Doesn't happen. You ever see these drop boxes? Some of them came back very late. They got lifted. Taken? Where are they a day later?
You're an outsider. You came in." They call it, the summer of Trump. Right. I hear that. I mean it's, you know. Right. They said it's never been done. And this is a top -- the top guy, he said never been done. How does it feel? I said, I'll be honest, "To me it doesn't feel anything because unless we win.
They are world-class chess players. We can't have a guy who's shot and in his best years wasn't very good. He wasn't very good. We can't have, these guys are world-class chess players. They're all dreaming of Joe Biden. I'll tell you who's dreaming about them is Iran. If we win, and when we win, we are going to have a deal with Iran immediately.
Okay, this is -- he goes, "Liar." That's -- yeah. Hey, did Obama get a Pinocchio? That's right, Obama said, "He will not win. He will not be your President." The anger was unbelievable. You know, what? He's right. He was a liar. Did you give Obama a Pinocchio, Washington Post?
He took no guff. You weren't big on taking guff, were you? For three decades, he was a real great soldier, highest level. Doug is a fighter and a warrior for the America First agenda and for the people of this great commonwealth. He is the only person in this race standing between your family and Pennsylvania being destroyed by violent crime.
I called up Elon. I said, "Elon, was that you?" He said, "That was me." I said, "That's why we love you, Elon." I said, "Can Russia do that?" "No, they can't." "Can China do that?" "Nope, they can't." "Can the U.S. do it other than you?" "No, they can't." I said, "Well -- " Special guy, right? Special guy.
President Obama has allowed our Veterans Affairs health care system to deny help and support to those who deserve it most.
Remember, he was less than 1%. So, now he's still less than 1%, but he's doing much better, you know. Got a big mouth. That's all he's got. In Massachusetts, in Massachusetts, your neighbor, 70% for Trump. [Audience cheers]
And when I heard that number I said, you know what, can't be possible, they mean 23, they mean two, they mean 15, 2,300 armor-plated, the best in the world, the best they've ever made, which frankly if we had them for our young men and women, they wouldn't have been injured so badly, so horribly and one bullet gets shot, up in the air and they're all gone, they go to the enemy. So the enemy has them right now because we have stupid, stupid leadership. We have people [Applause]. We have people that don't know what they're doing, and we just can't go on like this.
He had a lot of masks, I will tell you that. But we did a great job. We had it was an amazing thing but this Conor lamb was out there fighting it and he shouldn't have done that, and we have somebody that blows them away, he is more of a hero -- He suffered, a stronger, he's smarter, he's better looking not that that matters.
They were running scared, all because you had a president who stood up for America. We took a lot of heat for doing it, too, remember? We took a lot of heat, but we stood up to everybody, and we stood up for Israel, and we stood up for Judeo-Christian civilization and values. Hard to believe you take heat for that, right?
People that ended up paying far more money in legal fees than they made than they made. They destroyed great people. They're vicious, horrible, and the media was behind every single step. [Audience shouts "Boo"] They destroyed so many lives. They destroyed so many lives and they're continuing to do it, and it's a disgrace.
I say all Americans. Justice Ginsburg's close relationship with a friend of ours, a friend of mine, Justice Scalia, is also a powerful reminder that we can disagree on fundamental issues while treating each other with decency, dignity, and respect.
It's a great tool. It'll end up being our best tool for protection. We have to stop the drugs from coming in. We have to stop illegals from pouring across our border."
But we don't have to because as you know, the tariffs are on and the money is pouring in at a level that we've never seen before. And it's going to be great for us and it's going to be great for other countries. We've been ripped off and abused by countries for many years with the tariff situation. They've used tariffs against us. We didn't use tariffs against them or in any way.
But we have the greatest labs in the world. And I got it approved and it wasn't easy. And we got it approved through Congress, by the way. We got it approved, and we're saving tens of thousands of lives. It's an incredible thing where they're able to, you know, the doctors didn't want it because of the risk.
Most people don't even know what that means, and it's crazy. Forced indoctrination is not just an outrage, it's a violation of our dignity and our rights. And the Hispanic community has been against that before it started. You have been -- you're the easiest group to talk about this subject to, and I don't want to waste a lot of time on it because you're convinced.
We were talking about denuclearization of our two countries and China would have come along. China has a much smaller, right now, nuclear armament than us or field than us, but they're going to be catching it at some point over the next four or five years. And I will tell you that President Putin really liked the idea of cutting way back on nuclear.
My Administration will work with local communities and local officials to make the reduction of crime a top priority. Safety is the foundation of the ladder to American success: a great education, and a good-paying job. To have the best schools, and the best jobs, you must have safe communities.
It's so bad, so bad. And you know, I have had occasions where we had rallies and it was so incredibly violent. I said, what's going on over here? These were paid people by the Clinton campaign and it just came out.
He's an incredible guy. He really is. He came to my office and he had this idea that he's wanted to do for a long time. Senator Tim Scott. Opportunity zones and jobs and investment are now pouring into nearly 170 newly designated opportunity zones right here in New Jersey, all over the United States, billions and billions and billions of dollars, and not government dollars, they're flowing into the opportunity zones, into areas where investment was dead.
So all of a sudden the time comes and my people come in they say, "Mr. Trump you won't believe it. It's packed." I said, "I'll believe it because it's always packed." But the largest group of clergy ministers, pastors, evangelicals, Christians, the largest group they've ever had by far over a thousand and they wanted to know, "Could we take two to three hours?"
I was like a 25 or 26 and I went to 29 now that was NBC I'm being interviewed by NBC. CNN had a poll that I went down two points. Why, do you remember that? And every other poll has gone up, but the NBC was really nice that went up like a nice percentage. I was up almost to 30.
They can't afford their health insurance - who hate looking at what's happening. They can't stand the fact that a priest in France has his throat cut and he lies dying on the ground. They can't stand the fact that we are letting thousands, and thousands, and thousands of people pour into our country from areas of the world.
But we've beaten -- and he has pianos, right? I don't have a piano. No piano. But we've beaten four times Elton John's records at arenas. Together, we're going to restore ethics and honesty to our government. We're also going to restore safety to our country. Hillary Clinton and maybe this bothers me almost more than anything else because I know bad things are gonna happen.
It's not going to be easy because whether you like Barack Obama as a President or not, and most people don't and most people see what's going on, and he's not doing well. He is a great campaigner, and that you have to give him credit for. And you're going to have to fight like hell because probably it is true.
We got them out. A lot of bad people. We were doing the rest and then we got hit with COVID, a gift from China. This is high-level election interference. This is all about election interference. I'm up by 11 points. I'm up by 67 points with DeSanctimonious, but they don't care about that one. But they want to damage the person that they're running against because if they can damage him, even a guy like Crooked Joe Biden could win.
It's always the last question and the guy will go, "Yes, I'm guilty. I'm guilty." Then they end the show and they to go a commercial. I said, "This is the biggest thing that happened tonight. And even Kristen Welker, who I thought did a fair job, okay? I really did. I thought she did. A lot of people thought she was much tougher on me, but that we expect.
It's not about justice. It's not about virtue. Socialism is about only one thing. It's called "power for the ruling class." That's what it is. Look at what's happening in Venezuela and so many other places. All of us are here today because we know that the future does not belong to those who believe in socialism.
We got to stick together. We got to stick together. Right? Since our tax cuts were passed, nearly $1 trillion have returned from other countries back home, where it belongs. Think of it: We've gotten $1 trillion -- trillion, with a "T" -- $1 trillion back from overseas, from other countries that, instead of spending the money over there -- the reason was it was prohibitive; you couldn't do it. It was bureaucratically impossible and the tax rate was so high, nobody would do it. Now the money is pouring back into our country, and they're using it for lots of different things.
I said, "You got to be kidding." Now, this is a year and a half ago. I said, "Give me your card." And he gave me a card. And I sent it to the mayor. I said, "You ought to try using this guy." [Laughter] Guess what happened? Never heard. And last week they had another record. It's horrible.
Isn't that a wonderful thing? So I think we have it transcribed or taped, but all the Governors, every one of them. Thank you very much, great job, great job, great job. Then they go outside and they see the press. You know they get nervous with the press, these guys they make them nervous. We're not very happy with the job the President's doing.
Iraq was experiencing a reduction in violence. The group that would become what we now call ISIS was close to being extinguished. Iran was being choked off by economic sanctions.
Thank you very much. And if you put me back in the White House, their reign is over. Their reign will be over and they know it. And America will be a free nation once again. We're not a free nation right now. We don't have free press. We don't have free anything. In 2016, I declared I am your voice. Today I add, I am your warrior, I am your justice.
It may not help Eric and those beautiful children who have to suffer so horribly through this moment, but they know it's true. He's bigger now than ever before, and he's eternal. He's eternal. And I just want to say we love him. And he's looking down at us right now and he's saying, "Wow, that's a great crowd." He's saying, "That's a great crowd." And it's a great crowd of Patriots.
If you don't love your children, what I just got you doesn't mean a damn thing. Don't bother. Only give it if you love 'em. If you don't love them, don't give 'em. Give it to charity instead, The hell with the kids. But it's not a big thing, you know, so many people are losing, they love their kids and they want to leave their farm, their ranch, their business.
Let me also recognize my friend, Harold Hamm. It is great to be here in Pittsburgh, the Steel City. Under a Trump Administration, we are going to bring back our steel jobs and we are going to rebuild this nation. Before going any further today, I want to address the turmoil unfolding right now in our country.
Then you make sure the prisoners have landed. The prisoners now have landed... this is the art of the deal by the way. The prisoners have landed. Now you go in a second time and you say, fellas... you know, I like to take the lumps out. My father always used to say, son, you're too tough. Try taking the lumps out.
And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, New Hampshire. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you, New Hampshire.
A lot of people wanted New Hampshire to go back. We didn't let that happen. But New Hampshire is very, very political. We have a judge in Washington. "The trial date starts on such and such." You know what the day is, the day before Super Tuesday, the biggest of all, right? That's when all of the states get in. And all they do is they show -- they just expose themselves.
I just, you know, in coming up, I wanted to read -- do you mind if I take this coat off, do you mind? All right. Come on. There's so many warm people, they're warm, they're warm and we will not use Carrier air conditioning to cool it down because they're moving to Mexico. We're not going to use them, right?
Our agenda is the pro-worker agenda. We've accomplished historic amounts in a short period of time. We've signed more than 50 pieces of legislation.
He said right side. It's true, right side. Now, you have some good people back there. But it's true, you have some very good people, but you have mostly -- mostly horror shows. But small towns in America are terrified of migrants coming in. And even when they haven't yet arrived, they're terrified. They're terrified.
When you lose by one vote, then it's called, you go back. You know, some people said, "Oh
How about the guy right behind me in the black with the green hat, and he's looking like this. And that guy was -- I want to meet him. But they had a lot of guys like that back there. But did you see him? They've only played that clip about 5,000 times. They see it every day. It's over and over. But you see how brave.
I didn't feel so good. I'll be honest with you. I hadn't been sick in a long time. I don't have any time to get sick. It's good. You know, if you're busy, you don't get sick because you have no time. You don't think about it, but I wasn't feeling so good. I wasn't feeling like your President has to feel.
And I give them credit, I have to tell you, Novartis, Pfizer and some others. And they brought them back down to where they were. Nobody's ever seen that before.
That's it. Think of it. And you know the problem with the national debt. If he doubled it. That's not good. But we didn't do anything. Our infrastructure's a mess. You know, it would be one thing if we doubled our national debt, but our roads are in great shape. Our transportation is amazing. Our airports are the finest in the world.
Cannot let it happen. As this enormous crowd shows, we have truth and justice on our side. We have a deep and enduring love for America in our hearts. We love our country. We have overwhelming pride in this great country and we have it deep in our souls. Together, we are determined to defend and preserve government of the people, by the people, and for the people.
That's like a miracle. The first pitch of the game. I said, "How tough is that?" I don't think anybody else would have been able to stop that sucker, that was hard hit. But he's a great friend of mine and he's another one. He loves your state. He loves you so much and he's really a brave guy, Steve Scalise, Steve.
That is what our country has always been about. That is what Americans have always stood for, always strived for, and always done. Atop the dome of this Capitol stands the Statue of Freedom. She stands tall and dignified among the monuments to our ancestors who fought and lived and died to protect her. Monuments to Washington and Jefferson, and Lincoln and King.
And it was so impressive. And I felt so good because she really did. She really said -- I said, "Did you like the college?" She said, "No, I loved that school. I loved that college." And that's what it's all about. But you are an incredible person. And I think you have a tremendous future. I really do. And I'll do whatever I can to help you, OK?
It's a big news story. You've made news today. I don't know what you did, but you made news today with the introduction you gave. And Nikki Haley, it's another, it's a beauty. She's at four and Abbott's at one. I don't think Abbott's going to run. Governor of Texas. In a two-way poll of Florida last week, it was Trump, 47, and DeSantis, 32%. And there was another poll in Florida where Trump was at 80 and DeSantis was at 15. That's a Florida poll.
And let me tell you, New Hampshire we had a tremendous victory in New Hampshire, and I told the people of New Hampshire they have a tremendous problem with heroin and drugs. I said, "I am going to take care." That was such an amazing victory, they're such incredible people. The first thing they mentioned all the time is heroin.
Just this time. You won't have to do it anymore. Four more years, you know what? It'll be fixed. It'll be fine. You won't have to vote anymore, my beautiful Christians. I love you, Christians, my Christians. I love you. Get out. You got to get out and vote. In four years, you don't have to vote again. We'll have it fixed so good, you're not going to have to vote.
Kamala broke it, and we will fix it, and we're going to fix it fast. America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. The election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of incompetence and failure, which is what we have right now, or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country.
With your help from now until Election Day, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love. We love this nation. That's why I'm doing this. I didn't have to be here tonight. I could have been on a beautiful beach somewhere, the sun pouring down on me, the waves, saltwater waves hitting me in the face.
They fed her the questions to the debate. And she didn't say, I can't do this, I'm sorry, it's so unethical. Can you imagine if I was given the questions to the debate? What would have happened? The biggest story all over the -- you don't even read this. You read a little bit about Donna Brazile, but you don't read this. They gave her the questions to debates, numerous debates against Bernie Sanders.
Sue Snowden. Vice President Linda Stoch. Oh, wait a minute. We have a big celebrity here tonight. And I'll tell you something. He's great. And he loves this state, Congressman Matt Gaetz. Where the hell is Matt Gaetz? Where is he? Hello, Matt. That's pretty good, Matt. And much more importantly, Ginger. His wife, Ginger, his great wife.
I'm very good at construction, actually. I wanted long spans of concrete plank. They didn't want -- they said, you have to have steel because they cut through concrete too easily. We had a whole big deal. But we gave them just what they want. Even the anti-climb panel on the top. Do you know the big panel of steel? I hate it.
And that is such a big thing. And I think that's going to be such a big thing for the automobile industry. We're going to be making more cars. Within a few years, we're going to be making more cars than we made in the very beginning in the super prime. You know, we lost almost 50 percent of our automobile business to Mexico, Canada and various other places.
That's the kind of thinking we need in the country. I wouldn't mention that. You know it takes guts to run for President and it does. I told you the story when I was coming down the escalator. Just took a deep breath, I said to my wife let's go. But I took a deep, deep breath because it does. It's something.
How do you lie to the FBI and now you're running for President? Seriously. How do you lie to the FBI and now you're running for President? How does that happen? Right? You know what? I've been saying -- I've been saying, let's just beat her on November 8. But you know what? No, no. You know what? I'm starting to agree with you.
I can tell you that. And they did a great job. And we're going to do another thing. We're going to be signing something before I get to the top step. I'm seriously thinking about doing this. We'll knock out TPP. We'll do that. It'll only take an instant, but we're going to be signing to do something else.
And we're going to get 90%, 95% of the autoworkers, anyway, but we're going to put tariffs on those cars, and we're not going to let them sell those cars in the United States. We're not going to let it happen. Mike will be facing off against a far left liberal lunatic named Slotkin. She's terrible, not respected in Washington, laughed at, gives everything away to the opponent, very big for China.
I don't think they do that in this group here. We should have tremendous power. We have tremendous economic power that we don't use. But, you know, we better be smart because soon, we're not going to have economic power. We're not going to have anything. Since Joe Biden took office, the typical family has lost over $7,400 in annual income.
I'd rather have it that way they get too much credit and not win, that happens true to some people, doesn't happen to me. When I spoke to you as a candidate three years ago, America's economy was stagnant. Our military was depleted and the relationship between the United States and Israel was at probably the lowest point in history.
It's the Clintons who gave us NAFTA, and the Clintons who gave us China's entry into the World Trade Organization.
I have a friend. He's a small businessman. There's no way can ever make it because of regulations. He's got regulations over regulations over regulations that are put in there. He's a farmer. He can't -- if a puddle develops in the middle of his area, they consider a lake for environmental purposes. He can't -- he has to walk around -- the whole thing is crazy.
I've never seen that. We're all so grateful to have a very excellent ambassador, Timmy Davis, everybody loves him. Timmy, thank you very much. Thank you, Timmy. Along with your great military leaders, real -- these are real leaders. These are real tough cookies. Lieutenant General Derek Trapper France, Major General David Shoemaker, Brigadier General Richard Deuce Dickens, Chief Master Sergeants Chris Murphy and Joshua Wiener, and Colonel Brian Ellis.
The work of Making America Great Again is only just beginning. The Republicans have a big and bold agenda that they're going to put into action under a Republican Congress, and we have a chance of setting records. But I don't want to say that. I don't want to say we could win 65 seats, because if we win 64, they'll say it was a terrible night for Trump.
But as the entire world knows, over the next two generations something miraculous happened on the southern half of this peninsula. Family by family, city by city, the people of South Korea built this country into what is today one of the great nations of the world. And I congratulate you. [Applause] In less than one lifetime, South Korea climbed from total devastation to among the wealthiest nations on Earth.
He went out and he said that we're going to have to vote with the republicans because it's the right thing to do. I couldn't believe what I heard, but I think he's going to get some credit for it. I think, let's see what happens tonight with the big vote as it comes. But these networks and these newspapers are really no different than a highly paid political operative and it has to stop.
Zero chance, zero. Wouldn't have ever happened. And it didn't happen for four years. Even the Democrats, most of them agreed, the honest ones, which there aren't too many of them. But even they say it wouldn't have happened. And October 7th with Israel would have never happened. They wouldn't have killed all those people.
Look at all those cameras. Wouldn't it be great if they told the truth? They have such a low credibility. They started off very high, and then I ran and their credibility is so low you wouldn't believe it. But that's okay. But wouldn't it be nice if they -- think of it -- think of it: What would be -- what would be if we had an honest -- I don't want a media that's for me or -- I just want an honest media.
I ended NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made, and replaced it with USMCA, the best trade deal probably ever made. We had a great time, and now Canada and Mexico want to renegotiate. I tell the Biden administration, don't do it. They had their way for many, many decades, and now we have our way. We have a great trade deal.
So I said -- so important for the room. I figure I get out of politics for at least two sentences right? But it's so true. Just don't quit. And for you, always, always, go into a field that you love. You've got to love it. You've got to love it. If you don't love it, you're not going to be successful.
I mean, huh? It's always Trump's fault, Rick. By the way, how did the Governor do? Did he get up and make a great speech? Good Governor, good guy, too, a lot of good people here. It's time we send a message to these shameless, wealthy liberal hypocrites in Washington, D.C and Silicon Valley. Do you see that Silicon Valley and these guys are 99% behind the Democrats, OK? What's that all about?
They've taken our country to levels -- we're being laughed at all over the world. All over the world, they're laughing at America. They're laughing at your United States. But with your vote, the reign will be over, that horrible reign of -- in a way, it's a reign of terror. You know, it's a weak reign. It's an incompetent reign.
Here in North Carolina, nearly 50 Democrat state house members and candidates have signed a pledge to slash police funding, endangering your families. I was recently honored to be endorsed by 54 sheriffs throughout this state and we're joined by many of them tonight. Where are they? Thank you, Sheriff. Thank you.
We chyna the relationship is fantastic. We chyna the relationship is fantastic. We have great relationships with many, have great relationships with many have great relationships with many foreign countries, but they have to foreign countries, but they have to foreign countries. But they have to respect us and they have to respect us, respect us and they have to respect us, respect us and they have to respect us and they have to understand where we're and they have to understand where we're and they have to understand where we're Coming from - and you know it is a two-way coming from and you know it is a two-way coming from and you know it is a two-way street and the two-way street means that street and the two-way street means that street and the two-way street means that we're Going down one side and they're - we're going down one side and they're - we're going down one side and they're coming up the other and we're going to coming up the other and we're going to coming up the other and we're going to meet and we are going To have something meet and we are going to have something meet and we are going to have something that's going to be really fabulous now that's going to be really fabulous.
And we know all about the tremendous crime and the statistics, which are so bad, happening right here in the state. As you know, Nevada is a cesspool of crime. You need to elect America-first Republicans at every level. Two years ago, the radical Democrats and their allies in the media launched a full-scale assault upon the rule of law and law enforcement itself.
military facilities in Asia and the Middle East, as well as our allies, are increasingly in range with the United States homeland and we are really absolutely and potentially being threatened. And within two years, we will absolutely have a real threat. They'll be able to reach us so easily the way it's going right now. We propose to rebuild the key tools of missile defense, starting with Navy cruisers that are the foundation of our missile defense capabilities in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East.
The wife was walking to the car. He was picking up the wife where she worked. This guy came up, wanted the car, and shot him. He died right in front of the wife. This is our capital. We're going to change it. We're going to change it around. We're going to be so tough. Last year, a sadistic illegal alien released by crooked Joe Biden was arrested for raping an 11-year-old girl in Texas and strangling her to death after knocking on the door of her home.
Look at this and you know what? We have 5,000 people outside trying to get in. But we want to start now, right? We want to start. Now, so they'll be coming in as we go along. All right. Yeah. Get them out. Make room for some of the people outside. Good idea. So I will say, I bid $1 billion all cash for the Buffalo Bills.
The meanest, the most vicious. They kill people with knives. They kill two young students walking to school, two, beautiful, young 16-year-old girls walking to school. They killed them up and chopped them up into pieces with knives. Dead. And ICE goes in, and they go into those packs of rough, rough people.
Dr. Oz is a man who truly believes in make America great again, or the MAGA movement. He believes it 100% and he is in love with our country. He's supported by Sean Hannity, and we all love Sean Hannity, Rick Perry, and very importantly, he's supported by somebody known as me. He's supported by me. As your Senator, Oz will fight to end illegal immigration, end sanctuary cities and put dangerous criminals behind bars.
With us, you get caught once, twice, something like eight times and then they start getting a little bit tougher. You can't solve problems like that. But I told the people of New Hampshire that I told South Carolina when I went in South Carolina. That was supposed to be a stronghold for Ted Cruz. Was only one problem I won in a landslide.
That was beautiful. Thank you very much. And uh, we will have a long, good relationship and we'll have fun doing it. You know, you have to have fun, although sometimes it's never fun. She's tough to negotiate with, I wanna tell you. [Laughter] But I'm delighted to report that I've just approved the first batch of missiles.
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We are the greatest movement in the history of our country. We are MAGA, Make America Great Again. Together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again.
Yeah, you know where they went? To the bathroom. And then they came back. [Laughter] Two people. They showed two empty seats in a stadium of 19,000. They showed two empty seats. The people left right in front of me, and I said, "Oh, man, maybe this isn't a good job I'm doing." Then they came back.
George Washington once wrote: "I'd rather be on my farm than be emperor of the world." We understand that. Especially after I've spent all this time in Washington, I can really understand. [Laughter]
Hispanic population is like a rocket ship for us, but we have to protect it because the people coming through Kamala, they're coming through the border and they're taking your jobs. Your job numbers are going way up in terms of your unemployment. Way up. I don't know if anybody's seen Black unemployment the last few months.
It's really the symbol of what she represents. She really represents despicable things. With Liz Cheney's support, the Unselect Committee has turned the United States House of Representatives into an instrument of political torment and repression. You know that. You see that every night. And people come out of the witness booth, and they'll say, the worst of all the people, and you have some really bad people up there as Democrats, the worst person of all was Liz Cheney.
The fake news is not happy about those numbers. But that really does -- that gives us very much of a breather. And for those of you that study politics, when the sitting president picks up a seat, let alone like we've done, that's considered a big deal, for whatever reason. For whatever reason. But I used to say, I think that's going to happen.
Donald Trump has won the state of Ohio." It was like, immediate. It was like, in the same sentence. "The polls have closed, Trump has won." You know, normally it would take like, hours, and whatever, if it's close. No, we won big, and I hear we're winning big now. And I'm hearing, they gave up on the state already.
I probably have a lot of friends that are middlemen. I don't even know if they have beautiful homes. I say, I wonder where they made their money? They're very wealthy, but they're not so wealthy anymore. We are getting the rebates. We're keeping the money for our people. We will create tax credits for companies that bring jobs from China back to America, and we'll impose tariffs on companies that leave America to produce jobs overseas.
And again, I said before, we had to win a lot of votes because it's crooked as hell. And I hope -- I hope you can go to voter ID and same day voting and paper ballots and all of those things because ultimately we'll never lose a race if you do that. I'm telling you you'll never lose a race and I hope you can get that.
Last month I traveled to Saudi Arabia to speak to the leaders of more than 50 Muslim and Arab countries, and to rally them in the common fight against terrorism, which is a menace to people of all religions. There can be no coexistence with this violence.
So they're going to Ireland and they go into lots of different places and it's called corporate inversion. You have to -- it's going to be the biggest problem unless we have competent leadership. And the amazing thing about this one is everybody agrees but they can't get it signed. They can't get a deal and they all agree, and this is what we have.
Thank you. Thank you. That's a great group of people. Thank you all. We're going to have a big victory. Lawrence, you agree with Bernie, right? I think we're going to have a big, big victory, bigger than even four years ago, but that was good you know. Remember, they wouldn't announce it. We were like a point up, what -- in which you know, some people says a lot.
Critical to this effort is my administration's strong support for faith-based initiatives. America is a nation that believes in the power of prayer and the strength of fellowship, and we believe in the grace of God. And we're proud of it. Here with us today is Dr. Monty Burks. Nineteen years ago, Monty turned his life around when two women of prayer from his hometown church helped him to get on a path to recovery.
Very quickly. Who said that? That was very good. Thank you. Thanks.
Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman," sighed the vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. "You're so beautiful," she cried. "But if I hadn't brought you in by now, you truly would have died." She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed him and held him tight. But instead of saying, "Thank you, ma'am," the snake gave her a vicious bite. "Take me in, oh, tender woman.
But but think of this, 2,300 Humvees, armor-plated, now the ones that our guys became wounded warriors driving around in because a bomb goes off underneath and it was like driving around in a regular Jeep or a regular car. I mean, these things are incredible. So they're over there. The enemy has them. And the young soldier, the son of a friend of mine came back.
We're going to double up the sanctions. They're going to call us again. We're going to start. We've just gotten our prisoners back four years ago, and we've just gotten out of giving them $150 billion and it's so simple. And by the way, and by the way, that's not like 80% sure, 95%, 98.7%. 100% we'd get the prisoners back, right?
We have people up here that are very, very proud of their country. They want to see great things happen. They know great things are going to happen. [Applause]
And she was damn bad, but she wasn't dishonest like these people. Well, I think they're desperate. They said things -- I see these ads. It's the exact opposite. It's like her policies used to be before she changed them. She changed 15 different policies. You know, if you're a politician, you might get away with one, but 15 policies.
And we had a couple of other senators, but, you know, at least we knew where we stood there. That was, like, really a horrible thing. Honestly, that was a horrible, horrible thing that happened to the Republican Party. That was a horrible thing.
President Obama would go down to make a speech. I'd like to thank everybody for being here, thanks a lot, great job, sayonara, bye. Bush, they all did, nobody ever asked for money. We were spending 100% of NATO. We're protecting Europe. They rip us off on trade, right? They rip us off like crazy. We lose hundreds of billions of dollars on trade, we're changing that, but it's a long time.
With God's help, this summit will mark the beginning of the end for those who practice terror and spread its vile creed. At the same time, we pray this special gathering may someday be remembered as the beginning of peace in the Middle East -- and maybe, even all over the world.
Well, first of all thank you very much and I appreciate it. Interestingly I was listening the other day. There was a gentleman who owns a big radio station, Hispanics mostly -- all Hispanic callers, and he was arguing with one of the hosts. He said, no, you don't understand, the people that are calling in, Hispanics, they love Trump.
He said where am I? Where am I? No, he's shot, folks. He shot. I'm running against the single worst candidate in the history of Presidential politics and you know what that does? That puts more pressure on me. Can you imagine if you lose to a guy like this? It's unbelievable. It's uh -- it's disgusting, it's disgraceful.
And, you know, I kept Iowa and you in those first positions. Please remember that because I thought there was a great, beautiful tradition to it. They want to move you way back in the line. And I said, "Nope, we're not doing that. We're not doing that." You are in the position, and you'll always be there as long as I have anything to say about it. Joe Biden is the most incompetent and corrupt president in U.S. history.
He says, no. When you're not come out, there's no unfriendly decisions. If we get the delegates, we've pulled out a knockout. And that's the way it's gonna be. And I think I can see that happening because more and more people are calling. They want to get on board. Frankly, when I looked at -- you know, what happened -- a friend of mine, who's a great, one of my great friends, he lives in right down the road.
The Democrats are trying to steal the White House. You cannot let them. You just can't let them -- steal the U.S. Senate. You can't let it happen. You can't let it happen. David and Kelly are running against the most extreme liberal candidates in the history of your state, probably in the history of our country, Jon Ossoff and Raphael Warnock.
So they were made. We had these big crowds. I made it again. Then finally, I said, two weeks out, I said, "Ronna, no more. We're gonna win it or we're not." OK. OK. I promise. Two days later I get a call, "Sir, could you please come out to Michigan one more time." It's true. So and so. She was the campaign chairman in Michigan, so, I said OK. And then, I got the ultimate call, six o'clock in the evening for this final deal in Grand Rapids.
They want -- [Audience chants "Build that wall"] We're going to build the walls, folks. Don't worry about it. Who's going to pay for the wall? [Audience calls out "Mexico"] Who? [Audience calls out "Mexico"] Do we have a good time? Do we have a good time? You know, it's sort of interesting I watched, uh, well, I shouldn't say it but I watched little Marco and I watched lying Ted Cruz, lying Ted.
This is called amateur hour. He gets an audience and he leaves. So I say to myself, "Oh, we've got the Olympics, it's done." Because no president of the United States would have ever gone to Europe and made such a big deal unless he got or had a wink and a nod, meaning you come here you're getting it. Not only didn't we get it, we came in fourth place.
I want to put every American child on the ladder to success. That means a great education and a high-paying job that you love.
So tonight, I make this pledge to the great people of America. I will end the devastating inflation crisis immediately, bring down interest rates, and lower the cost of energy. We will drill, baby, drill. [Audience chants "Drill, baby, drill."]
But I had a friend that said, why are you disputing that story? That's the coolest story I've ever heard. That I would attack a karate champion, get slightly rebuffed and then throw my arms around a guy with a neck about this big, even though there are bars -- you know, there are bars, you can't really do that anyway.
So we're at 200 plus, and it affects them much more. We have a thing called an ocean between us, affects them much more. But we're at 200, they're at 250. I did the same thing with NATO. I got them to pay up. NATO was busted until I came along. I said, "Everybody's going to pay." They said, "Well, if we don't pay, are you still going to protect us?" I said, "Absolutely not." They couldn't believe the answer.
That's become very popular, I will say. Hillary Clinton praised or pushed TPP on 45 separate occasions. Her close associate and confidante, Governor Terry McAuliffe, said she'd pass it, don't worry. Her husband talks it up. Everyone knows she's for it, because she doesn't believe in protecting American jobs or American sovereignty. She doesn't believe it.
I should have said, "Oh, great, let them charge. What the hell do I care." But they're American companies and I said to Emmanuel Macron -- I said, "Call him because my people failed to make a deal." I said, "You make a deal, you have one week. Come see me." At the end of a week, they came to see me. Good people, smart people, very smart people.
We're on television. We're all over the place. And I'm supposed to be calling out names that nobody ever heard of. So, we won't do that. But please know that we love you all, including congressmen and senators that are here. We have a lot of them. Thank you. Thank you very much. Before we begin, I just want to mention some polls that just came out.
We're now sending ventilators all over the world. We did a great job. We weren't acknowledged. We have governors saying what a great job we did. Everybody was saying what a great job. We did a great job. Wasn't acknowledged and that's okay. But the generals, the admirals, Mike Pence, all of these people that worked on this, they should be acknowledged.
And some great ones. You'd have, what, 300 people show up. But you can tell by the sound, because 300 people cannot make the sound of thousands and thousands and tens of thousands like that. They can't do it. So even though they refuse -- you know, normally I'd like it, but I don't. They don't want to move the camera.
I'm doing a foreign policy speech. Yes.
It's a crooked -- they're not here for this reason, to be honest. But this is -- they understand law enforcement better than anybody else. It's a corrupt and crooked system where you're allowed to take delegates. Look, nobody has better toys than I do. I can put them in the best planes and bring them to the best resorts anywhere in the world: Doral, Mar-a-lago.
Very disappointed with myself. The Iran deal is the worst deal I've ever seen negotiated.
It was a landslide. So you never know about the phony rules and regulations but hopefully, the RNC is gonna get with the people. The RNC hasn't won an important election in a long time. We've had Obama far too long. The last election should have been won except Romney choked like a dog. He choked. He went, I can't breathe, I can't breathe, he said.
We're not doing that right now. We're using people that are politically correct. You know, we do everything well. Think of it. Our military, we can't beat ISIS. We don't win. And that's what happens. You're going to remember this day and you're going to remember your vote on Tuesday and you're going to look back at that vote and you'll get to say that's the single greatest vote I ever cast because that's when things started changing.
They're tired of it. They're tired of it. We're going to have a great country, and we're going to have a country that's unified. We're going to have a country -- I thought one thing about Obama. I thought that Obama would be a cheerleader for the country. That's the one thing. I never thought he was going to be the president in terms of greatness.
And it's had a profound effect, profound effect. And it was just sitting there, gathering dust. It would have been valueless over a period of time. But today, I want to express our profound condolences to the family of police officer Kevin Cram, who you know, who was gunned down in the line of duty last week in Algona.
It's suppression. That's why we have to win. We can't let them do this. We have to win. This was according to a certain very important person, ad -- Larry Kudlow, who's a terrific guy, and other people. So, this is the greatest financial number probably ever recorded in our country. Think of that. It's a big statement.
I'm going to put American workers first and fix our rigged system. It's a rigged system. We will rebuild our roads, our bridges, our tunnels, highways, airports, schools, and hospitals. American cars will travel the roads. American planes will soar the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas. American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.
I said, "He just admitted he lied."
They're portables. We call them portables. We put them up fast, and we take them down even faster. And they are damn good, sir. What I do is I'd hit him from nine different locations. I'd hit him from the left," now he's getting excited. "I'd hit him from the right. I'd hit him from up top. I'd go right to hell under that damn ground." I almost used the bad word.
But this is why we have $32 trillion in debt. When you think about it, much of it's owed to China, which is interesting. We have to work that out. I can see a nice swap there. You know, you've screwed us for about 30 years. Let's negotiate that debt. Let's renegotiate the debt. No. It's ridiculous. We owe them trillions of dollars, and they've taken advantage of us. I don't think that's good.
And I'm telling you, you're going to find out that the great people of Japan and we love them. You know, Shinzo Abe was my friend. He was a great prime minister of Japan and unfortunately, he's no longer with us. You know what happened with Shinzo. But he was a great friend of mine and an amazing man and it's an amazing country and you're going to have a tremendous relationship.
Right, Susie? I said I want Tim Scott, get up there, but he was so good. And I said to him, Tim, when you fought for yourself, you were much different. When you fought for me, you were a tiger, you were like unstoppable. You were. It really was -- you all saw that. What's the difference? He said I've never liked selling myself and I love selling somebody that I really do believe in. I really believe in you, and I just felt that way.
I mean, you go to Kate, who was such a beautiful young American woman, killed on a pier in San Francisco in the prime of her life. She was killed by this guy, an illegal alien who had been deported five times and convicted seven times of felonies. I guess they weren't allowed to mention this in court. They weren't allowed to mention.
Wouldn't have happened. So people don't really understand the other side of the argument. I have the debate a lot, and I win the debate all the time. And the next day, you see the same person who was so badly defeated in the debate going out and saying the same thing, even though he or she, I really believe, know that you can't justify their side of the argument.
You know Al Capone? Did anybody ever hear of Alphonse Capone? He was a seriously vicious gangster. He didn't get indicted four times, only once. And I got my whole life, I never heard the word practically, and now all of a sudden within a few weeks, it's like [Inaudible]. And how about going home? First Lady, I have a little news for you.
I got indicted. I never heard -- the Wharton School of Finance, they didn't have a subject on you get indicted. It wasn't like something you think about, right? My father, my mother, and father, they're looking down. "My son got indicted more than Alphonse Capone." Don't forget, Al Capone was the toughest, meanest guy.
We are going to make America great again. We are going to make America better -- and I really believe this, better than ever before. We are going to win a trade, we're going to start beating China. We have a trade imbalance with China, this year should be about $505 billion.
Politicians, they don't do it. So I said, I'm going do it during the campaign.I said it right here in West Virginia. And I now understand why many, many presidents before me said they were going to do it and didn't do it because I was inundated with calls from foreign leaders, every country. Don't do it.
So these just came out. Remember whenever we won I like to talk about polls. If we're doing badly, I don't talk about polls. No, it's true.
Let's have a big win at SEC. Let's put this thing away and let's make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Applause] Thank you, everybody.
Nobody could do it. They can't find a company. Yeah, they had little companies that made a couple of -- I need 4,000 televisions. It's a lot of televisions. So we got LG from South Korea. And it's interesting because, you know, South Korea, we have thousands of soldiers in between North and South Korea. And you know what happened.
OK. Your new trade deal is a terrible deal and one of the big things that really is hurting us is currency manipulation. It is a disaster and that is -- answers that question. That deal is not the deal that should be made. I've not been a fan of NAFTA. You know about NAFTA better than anybody because your places have been just stripped out of all of New England and you know what's happened.
Ronald Reagan proved that cutting taxes on American businesses helps American workers win in the world marketplace. When President Reagan lowered taxes, American businesses beat out our foreign competition. Our economy boomed, the middle class thrived, and median family income increased.
Remember the expression, right? Dwight, I go remember this time he got elected, I like Ike. How can he be bad? All right. And I think he was a nicer General than MacArthur and Patton and I like Ike as a President. But I loved Patton and I love General MacArthur. I love them. Now, we're going to find yourself a Patton and we're going to find ourselves -- because we have a lot of smart guys in our military and women.
That's their territory. And they're right there. We're doing their work for them. And then we're supposed to keep them going. Biden's giving them $10 billion so that he doesn't look bad. Because they're tough, and they'll do numbers on us. Now, we want our hostages back immediately and we want our equipment back immediately.
So I'll never forget it. And I said to the people of New Hampshire, we are going to work hard. Number one, we're going to stop it and number two, we're going to work hard to get your youth and everybody else hooked on this crap get them better because we have to make them better. There's so many people and it comes in and it pours in.
Just talk. Her policies have brought death and destruction overseas and poverty at home. She's brought massive poverty for everyone, but especially for African American and Latino citizens. She comes in, tries to get their vote -- although, I must tell you, the enthusiasm for her is very small.
They said you're winning by a lot in Georgia. Of course, if you see these people, they'll say he's pretty close in Georgia, too close to call. And then when election night comes, the polls in Georgia are closed, Donald Trump has won the state of Georgia. You know, you only win if you're up by like a lot.
Before my election, our leaders used the great American middle-class as a piggy bank to fund their delusional global projects. They decimated American factories. You know this, American manufacturing was broken and decimated to promote -- they promoted economic growth in foreign countries. They didn't promote economic growth in our country.
And I want to thank our great vice president, Mike Pence, for the introduction. As well as my friend Dr. Ben Carson. And thank you to a very, very special man, Franklin Graham, Reverend Franklin Graham, for leading us in prayer. And thank you too Alveda King, the niece of the great Dr. Martin Luther King.
You know, it used to be -- we were the only place, and then it just got chipped away, chipped away mostly by China and Japan. And all of a sudden, we were down more than 55% from where we were years ago. But it will be like it was 50 years ago, and these jobs, they'll come roaring back and they're going to -- we're going to be making autos at a level that you've never seen before.
You can't build these great companies anymore. You can't even build small businesses because of regulation. And I mean, I could name hundreds of bills, hundreds, if you look at the regulations that you have to go through to even put up a house, let alone do a business. And we can get rid of probably 75% of the regulations and in many ways more than that.
And I really know all of you because I know where you come from. I know your mindset. You are amazing people. You can do amazing things. Now, go back and build homes and create jobs.
What's happening here is a movement. I'm telling you it's a movement. This is not -- we are tired of stupid people running our government. We are. These stupid people. I used to say they're incompetent, but I don't really care. Either we're going to win or not win. Somebody said, what happens if you don't win?
She said, "How dare you? You shouldn't say that. This was from Russia." I said, "It wasn't from Russia, it was from Hunter." It's terrible. So, we're waiting for an apology. They want to do it again. I'll do it again. But they got to -- don't you think I should make them apologize? [Audience responds "Yeah"] If you want a president to inundate your towns with illegal alien criminals -- and by the way, every town and every little city and every big city frankly are petrified.
OK? One of the great businessmen in this country, Mr. Phil Ruffin and his incredible wife, gave... from Las Vegas and lots of other places. He's got plenty of places. He gave one million dollars to the vets. Is that great? Ike Perlmutter from Marvel... you know, they do the great movies. I think he's got like five of the greatest grossing movies of all time.
I actually said there's only two reasons we could have deals so bad. The people making the deals were corrupt, which I actually believe, or they were very stupid. And I think you had a combination of both. And we fixed a lot of those deals. We would have had them all fixed up, but then we had to fix COVID.
Nobody else does that. Other countries say, "Get out. You can't come in. You're not a citizen of whatever country." We bring them in. So listen to this, right now we have almost 900,000 cases, 900,000. How many judges are going to take care of -- we're going to have to hire tens of thousands of judges to do that, 900,000 cases.
Most people won't do that, so I respect that, but it's a tough thing when you get hit on faith. But the one thing we need in this country, we need energy. I see where the evangelicals are supporting Trump largely and I'm leading with the revenge -- and you know part of the reason that they like me and I think strongly if they want to see our country -- This smart people, they know that we -- I may not be perfect, and they know that, and maybe 10 years ago and four years ago, they said no, no, he's not perfect, he's, not perfect and we can't assume. But you know what I'm really good at? I'm really good at making deals and making this country rich and bringing it back.
And we just did a really great job.
Going to get her out. Going to get her out. Right, my man? We're going to get her out. We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to North Carolina where they belong. And I have a little personal favor that I'm going to do, North Carolina.
You go into to a hospital with a broken arm, and you come out and you're drug addict. And we're trying to find, and we're getting closer -- I think we're getting very close, actually -- to finding painkillers that aren't addictive. And we'll have that in the not-too-distant future. And to care for our great veterans, we passed VA Accountability.
I used to use groceries a lot on that trail. Uh, a word, it's like sort of an old-fashioned word, groceries, but groceries is the word. That's the most accurate word. And uh, the price of groceries went through the roof. Bacon was levels like nobody's ever seen. Uh, you take a look at eggs today. I mean, the eggs are double, triple, quadru -- They're going through the roof.
Thankfully, there is a growing recognition in the wider Middle East that the countries of the region share common interests in battling extremism and unleashing economic opportunity. That is why it's important to have full normalized relations between Israel and its neighbors. Only a relationship built on common interest, mutual respect and religious tolerance can forge a better future.
This guy, Buttigieg. Buttigieg, can you believe he's doing well? He's like the leading fundraiser. I dream about him. It's true. Now, Buttigieg. But I'm not going to fight with any of these people, because I thought, you know, I was way too early with Elizabeth Warren. We destroyed her too fast, so she came back, but she's going back down again.
Great to be with you, my friend. He travels all over the place. He's seen a couple of them. How many have you seen now? [Audience member calls out "30"] 30? He's a serious fan. And where do you live? OK, and you voted for Trump, that I can tell you. We did very well in Tennessee, I will tell you. He's from Tennessee, but he travels all over and he's a great guy.
Three people on that stage. Hispanic American, African-American and Asian-American unemployment have all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country. Republicans passed a massive tax cut for working families and we will soon follow it up with another 10 percent tax cut for the middle class.
We watched it like nobody has ever watched it. I was very proud of that. It's probably the only time they ever said anything that was actually better than the fact, right? Right here in Eastern Pennsylvania, you had an illegal alien criminal who murdered a woman in Chester County. Stabbing her 38 times in front of her seven-year-old daughter and her four-year-old son.
You know what I don't like though, they say he's like 78, 79, 78, I guess, right? I know people that are 85, that are 88, 92, Bernie Marcus, Home Depot, he's 92 years old, he's the sharpest guy you'll ever meet. There's nothing -- 78 is OK, but that's a bad 78, not a good 78. Seventy-eight's OK, but he shouldn't say that.
And huge numbers of people just left. And we need it from a job standpoint, because these people are taking jobs away from our people. We have close to 100 million people. You know, our real number for jobs, unemployment is down to 5.2.
I built almost 700 miles of wall. If we didn't have the wall, we could have never done what we did. Over 700 miles, but still they came because they didn't want to finish. They didn't want to close up any gap, the gaps that we had to keep so that we could get our equipment out so we could get through. They didn't want to put up the final stages.
We need voter confidence too, when you read this list. [Laughter] $14 million for social cohesion in Mali. $2.5 million for inclusive democracies in South Africa. $47 million for improving learning outcomes in Asia. Asia is doing very well. We don't need to give them money. [Laughter] And in another program, $50 million, plus another $50 million, for condoms for Hamas.
And he's tough as hell. Former Congressman Devin Nunes. Devin. Where is Devin? Devin. He's tough. And, you know, I don't have all these names, but I happen to see a star, 128, and one in wrestling. He was serious. Don't wrestle him. A man who -- I mean, every time he goes on television, it's like a fight.
The next day I woke up and I felt like Superman, right? I said, "Get me the hell out of here. I have to go to Wisconsin tonight." And saved over two million lives. Our excess mortality rate has been 42% less than Europe's. Think of that, 42%. And I'm working to -- And we're working with Europe very closely.
They said, "Sir, I don't think we're going to make it." I said, "We have to. We can't disappoint Green Bay. There's no way." I said, "We've got to make it. We've got to make it." There's never been such spirit. Look, we won in 2016. We did much better in 2020, I hate to say. We did a hell of a lot better.
Last week in Grands Rapids -- in Grand Rapids, they previously deported illegal alien criminal with multiple prior arrests, many, many arrests, for drunk driving, breaking into houses, and probation violations, was charged with savagely murdering 25-year-old Ruby Garcia. Beautiful, perfect-beautiful, wonderful young girl, shooting her repeatedly with an illegally purchased handgun and dumping her body on the side of a highway to die.
One thing I learned about the coal miners, that's what they want to do. You could give them a penthouse on Fifth Avenue and a different kind of a job, and they'd be unhappy. They want to mine coal. That's what they love to do. And she was going to put them in a high-tech industry where you make little cell phones and things.
All right. An immigrant from Yemen who later applied for and received U.S. citizenship was arrested for trying to join ISIS. He was also charged with attempting to illegally buy firearms and to try and shoot American military personnel as many as possible. OK. These are people we have coming into our country.
But there is far more enthusiasm right now than for No. 1 or No. 2 by 50 percent. And you see that by the votes that are coming in at numbers that nobody -- we've -- think of North Carolina. Their property is devastated. Their lives, in many cases, are ruined. Everybody said, "If we get 50 percent of the vote, it would be a miracle."
And two things are gonna happen, one of two things -- one of two things are gonna happen. Number one, if you get them in time, they're not moving. Throws it all off-balance, since they're all off-kilter. Number one they're not -- now, nobody -- people would say well, why doesn't anybody use this? Why doesn't anybody mention it?
The world must know that we do not go abroad in search of enemies, that we are always happy when old enemies become friends, and when old friends become allies.
That's a lot. In 2014, the Washington Post, that's another beauty, published an article entitled: Could non-citizens decide the November election? OK? That's Washington Post. The article found that 14%. It's all right. Oh. [Audience member calls out "No, get the trash out"] Oh, they're having a good time.
Our opposition, on the other hand, has long ago run out of ideas. All Hillary Clinton has to offer is more of the same: More taxes, more regulations, more bureaucrats, more restrictions on American energy and on American production. More of that. If you were a foreign power looking to weaken America, you couldn't do better than Hillary Clinton's economic agenda.
Remember the son? Where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? He's in the White House. Hunter is in the White House running government right now they say. That's interesting. No wonder Joe doesn't want to give up the job. His own staff says that the only hours he works are 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Does anybody here have a job like that?
I got these politicians, all they do is talk, I create jobs. All they do is talk all day long and they're not very good debaters, are they? Really, they're not too good. Anyway, so when you look at it and if you, if you had people with some protection, even if you had four or five people in there, it would be a whole different story.
We're going to win solidly at the border. We're going to win it every facet. We can do that. It's not even going to be that difficult. I will say this. If we have four more years of an Obama person, if we have four more years of Hillary, and you see the way she's embracing Obama. She never used to embrace Obama.
So, here's the story, folks -- folks. We have to win Pennsylvania. We have to beat this professional group of people that are running her for her own -- for their own purposes. We have to win Pennsylvania. We win Pennsylvania, we're going to win it. You know, we're up in Florida. We're doing well in Ohio. And I'm hearing we're doing well here. We'll find out.
I said, I really think I'm a nice person, but let me tell you something. I really think this is going to be an election based on competence. [Audience Member calls out]
I'm all for it. But we should not be forcing consumers to buy electric vehicles. Now they want to make all trucks electric. You know that, right? You talk about supply chain. They're going to destroy the supply chain. They're forcing the truckers to go all electric. All electric trucks. Now the trucks probably don't have the power.
And I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the earth. And as we rescue our economy, I will also restore our borders. Over the past four years, Kamala orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has inflicted upon its people.
And I said that's terrible. Now, Ford is building in Mexico. Nabisco is building in Mexico. So many people are building in Mexico. I love Mexico. I have thousands of Hispanics that work for me. When I won Nevada, I won with the Hispanics. I love the Hispanics. I love you. I love you, but I have thousands of Hispanics that work for me and they are great people.
Thank you.
They said, When he started off, he had 87 percent. That means you could be the king of any country. Now, they [Inaudible] because I'm representing our country; I'm not representing those country -- you know, one of those [Inaudible]. [Applause] True. It's true. They said, His poll numbers have tanked. And I said, Oh, damn it. What's going on? Damn it. And then I said, Oh, it's in Europe.
Thank you very much. [Applause]
So I just want -- it's a -- it's an unfortunate thing; probably will be with us for a while, but that's a word that we have to understand, because it's used against us very much, the word jealous, jealousy. The worst tendency in our politics is to tell people what they should believe based on their race or religion or color or [Inaudible] Such a setback.
[Inaudible] but we don't have all afternoon to. Once and for all, Joe Biden should put the question to rest by taking a cognitive test [Inaudible] and releasing the results for the entire world to see. When the fake news started saying fake crap about me, I said to Doctor Ronny, who's now, as you know, Ronny Jackson, he's a great congressman from Texas.
It's true. You say Harris, they don't know who the hell I'm talking about. So, I won't bother with the Harris. It's a nice name. I know a couple of people named Harris. But with her, you say Harris. They say, "Who is that?" So, we say Kamala. But it's bad timing. She's incompetent. Have you seen her? She goes into an interview with Oprah, and she can't answer any questions.
It's going to be better managed for the people that it serves. Having local healthcare representatives is far better than having healthcare managed from Washington, D.C. Not even a contest. [Applause]
Thank you. Come on up here. He's great. What he's doing, by the way, he's the largest landlord by a factor of about 2,000 departments of the Interior. You're taking good care of Colorado, please? OK. He's -- he's a big deal in Colorado, right? He's a big deal. All those beautiful mountains and rivers and lakes, he's the guy.
We will also totally eliminate Common Core and bring education local. We're gonna bring it local. [Applause]
They are so dishonest. You know, what I usually do -- because if you really love this country, you have a very, very hard time convincing people that what you're doing is right and that you're really smart. And like a lot of us are really smart. I'm really smart. Went to the Wharton School of Finance, even then, a long time ago, like the hardest or one of the hardest schools to get into.
I love you too. It's all going to happen. And I have also imposed a 25 percent tariff on foreign aluminum, copper, lumber and steel, because if we don't have as an example, steel, and lots of other things, we don't have a military and frankly, we just won't have a country very long. Here today is a proud American steelworker, fantastic person from Decatur, Alabama.
But it could ultimately lead to World War 3, a man who's incapable, a man who's got virtually no brain, a man who shouldn't be in that position could very well lead us into World War 3, and this is weaponry the likes of which nobody in this room can even imagine. Weaponry that's so powerful that it's the obliteration of the world.
You can imagine the cost overruns, everything else. And this was a better location, a bigger piece of land, a better view, better everything, safer, better park. You know we got there early, we have the best land, right? That's why I said it. I said, David, no matter where you are, we were always there first, right?
So, here's the story. I'm under budget and ahead of schedule by a lot. Isn't that nice? Wouldn't that be nice? Wouldn't that be nice? But think in terms -- we want to negotiate. We need deals, right? We need great deals with trade. We have to -- you know, look, they're buying a new Air Force One, 3 billion.
We passed Right to Try to give critically ill patients access to lifesaving cures, so they don't have to travel all around the world and see if they can find. And we've had tremendous success with that. Right to Try. I'm very proud of it. They've been trying to get that one done for 40 years, too. [Applause]
Who cares? We have 5,000 people on the other side of the wall. And I feel so guilty. We love you. Let's all say we love you over there. [Audience member calls out "We love you over there"] But you wouldn't swap seats I guarantee you that. So -- and I hope you can hear well back there. Can you hear well? Everyone? Good.
She and her party are censoring speech, weaponizing the justices, and trying to throw their political opponents, me, in jail. This hasn't happened. I didn't do that to Crooked Hillary. I said, "That would be a terrible thing, wouldn't it? Putting the wife of the president of the United States in jail."
So, we go -- she's got 97. And then, it goes, Trump just won Florida, 91, 86, 79. Do you remember? And then, it got to be 50 percent. Then, it got to be 42 percent for her. And then, that's when that crazy woman started screaming. Remember with the glasses? "No, no." She was crazy. I wonder what ever happened to her.
And she will destroy the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Just remember that. And we should win a blowout. We should blow them out. You know, we win the state, we win the whole thing. [Applause] And we won in 2016, and we did much better in 2020. You know that, much better with the whole election.
So this is a 5,000-page document that nobody read. Remember Obamacare? Remember when Obama came out, it was thousands of pages and they went to Congress and nobody read it? And then, you had the wise guy from one of the good schools and he said it was a con job. He said it was a con job and everybody was going to just go after that guy. And you know what happens? A couple of weeks go by, they'll forget. But I remember and I -- I will bring it up.
I love you. What we have going, folks, we have a movement going. You know, I've been in upstate New York now for the last four or five days, and when you see what's happened to upstate New York in particular and different places in New York, it could make you absolutely cry. It really could.
They had it covered. And perhaps they did, very sadly for our country. It was all very, very strange. Within days after the election, we witnessed an orchestrated effort to anoint a winner, even while many key states were still being counted. The Constitutional process must be allowed to continue. We are going to defend the honesty of the vote by ensuring that every legal ballot is counted and that no illegal ballot is counted.
So I've been saying that and I've been saying we're going to renegotiate different trade deals, and we're going to make great trade deals and all this and she's never said that. All of a sudden, two days ago, I will renegotiate trade deals. She's not going to do it, folks. She's going to renegotiate trade deals the same way she was going to put 200,000 jobs in upstate New York.
And Sarah Palin who just left, she was here. Sarah Palin. She just made two speeches. She was at the other two places. I said look, this group is so great. You don't have to bother with them, Sarah. Go home. Go home. See? See what I do? That's called taking advantage of people that I know love me. But that's OK. I said go home, Sarah.
They say, heroin. I say heroin, what are you kidding? Heroin? They said, it's a massive problem in New Hampshire. It's a massive problem all over. And it comes in through the southern border and that's why we're going to build the wall. And the -- by the way, by the way, the Border Patrol agents 16,500 border patrol agents four weeks ago endorsed Donald Trump.
Strongest border we've ever had. And by the way, Mexico is paying for the wall so we get that one clear. It's all done. Joe Biden wants to open borders. He wants mass amnesty. And he would make every community in America into a sanctuary city. [Audience boos] I believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens.
So we're going to lift our people from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. We will restore hope to our struggling rural communities and to our inner cities where we are making progress. We are making progress.
We have the best business people. But I have Carl Icahn. I have great people. But this is too easy. I just want to do it myself. So Carrier announce that they're getting rid of 1400 jobs. I buy Carrier air conditioners, I buy train, I buy a lot of them. I buy a lot of air conditioners. I buy a lot of televisions.
So we're going to make it great for Americans. And we're going to take care of people. And we do want people coming across our border, going through our ports of entry, but we want people to come in through merit. Not just through luck or happenstance. We want them to come in through merit. [Applause]
These people are doing a tremendous disservice and they're using COVID as the reason. You know, they're using -- they're using this as a reason not to go out and vote. So we voted in World War I, where, by the way, you had a pandemic that made this look like peanuts, OK. World War I. They voted in World War I. They voted in World War II.
They didn't know what happened. Some people cried, and some people got very angry, got beyond angry, angry like nobody's ever seen. But they walked in and said, "I'm sorry," because they had somebody vote for them. And I can tell you they didn't vote for Trump. I can tell you that. Also with us tonight -- [Audience boos]
Every year countless American lives are lost to sanctuary cities. My opponent strongly supports sanctuary cities, I don't think she knows why. Like the ones that got Kate Steinle killed by a five-time deported criminal illegal immigrant. If I'm elected president, I'm going to cut off federal funding to sanctuary cities. [Applause]
Under budget and ahead of schedule, isn't that nice? [Applause]
It means a lot in life and it means a lot even toward branding. So I said, I don't want to do it. I called Mark. I said, Mark, do you think I can get out of it? He said, you shook my hand. I said, you're right. So we did it. So the show opens and it opened at number 10, which is massive. When you're number 10 that's a big show.
And as President Eisenhower said, There must be something in the water" out here in Pueblo
By the Border Patrol agents unanimously -- think of it, unanimously -- and the strongest endorsement you've ever heard. By the rank-and-file membership of the Teamsters, that's something no Republican ever had, 62 percent. They have a great head of the Teamsters, though, I will say. Sean O'Brien, he's a great leader of the Teamsters, I will say that.
Remember? Fracking, you can frac. Oh, we love fracking. During the primary, no fracking. As soon as he got through that, he said, "No, of course, everybody can frac." No fracking. You wait until you see what happens with your gasoline. Wait until you see what happens. And we cannot let this stuff continue to go on. One of my proudest accomplishments as president was to make America energy-independent.
I won't go into that story but got it built. But when I did that, every President that ran for many, many, many of the Presidents that ran, many years decades, decades, and they all said they're going to do it. And then they got into office, they couldn't pull the trigger, right? They couldn't pull it. They couldn't pull it like somebody couldn't pull the trigger and that last little button to win the match.
Was that good or bad? [Laughter] OK, I'm going to run through a couple of other points. Think big. Much easier. Think big. Focus on the positive. You know it's really important to focus on the positive. The word momentum is a word that you never hear in success talks, and it's a word that I felt to be very important.
Today, we have caught this evil thug who planted the bombs. Thank you, law enforcement. Thank you, police. Great. But the bad part, now, we will give him amazing hospitalization. He will be taken care of by some of the best doctors in the world. [Audience Boos] He will be given a fully modern and updated hospital room.
The new platform of the Democrat Party is to abolish ICE and let's not worry about crime. Oh, really? It doesn't work that way. [Booing] You know, when MS-13 sees the ICE people, when they come in MS-13 says, "We got problems, we got problem." ICE is fantastic for this country. They're brave. They got a tough job.
How many do you need? 28,000." It's a long wall. That's a long border. And he did it. He gave us 28,000 soldiers. And that's why we did things that nobody else could do. Now, in all fairness, he did it for a reason. I said, "If you don't do it, we're going to put a 25% tariff on all the cars that you make and sell it back into the -- " And they said, "Yes, we'd love to do it. It would be our honor." Whatever it is, it worked.
Let's stop the drugs and the crime.
In fact, they were going to testify in that the head of the FEC, the -- Brad Smith, the election expert, No. 1 rated in the country, was going to testify. He took a plea on three things. He just added them in because that gave him more bargaining power with respect to me. But the three things that he pled on having to do with the election and having to do essentially a little bit with me, they weren't crimes.
That has never been the central issue. It will never be the central issue.
Our great Presidents, from Washington to Jefferson to Jackson to Lincoln, all understood that a great nation must protect its manufacturing, must protect itself from the outside. Today, I will be visiting the home of Andrew Jackson on the 250th anniversary of his birth. And they say my election was most similar to his -- 1828. That's a long time ago. Usually they go back like to this one, or that one, 12 years ago, 16. I mean, 1828, that's a long way. That's a long time ago.
And by the way, do you see what's happening with all these sports leagues that don't respect our country, right? They're going down the tubes, their ratings that down. [Audience Boos] The NBA, the NBA's down 70% because, you know what, people don't want to hear it. They want to watch sports. They've got enough politics, they don't want to hear it.
I don't think so. Yesterday -- I said this before. The rate of homeownership, people that own their homes, is the lowest level it's been in 51 years. Did Hillary say that last night? No, I don't think so. Under President Obama -- oh, I like that better. Keep the lights off. It just went down 20 degrees.
I think we're gonna win everything tom -- I think tomorrow's going to be -- one of the greatest wins in the history of politics. I wanna give a very special thank you also to -- Jared Kushner, who is in the process of negotiating a little thing called peace in the Middle East. Great guy, great guy. They like that.
But I said, don't do it. As soon as I left, they started to form, and we saw the handwriting. And then we had the disaster of Afghanistan, which I think was the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, and the press doesn't even want to talk about it anymore, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country.
He couldn't answer any questions and she can't do anything. She can't do anything. She doesn't want to talk because she's just a vehicle for very bad people that surround her. Two days ago, Joe Biden shuffled into the White House press room and made the most powerful case against Kamala Harris because she's trying to disassociate herself from Crooked Joe Biden.
And now here's the thing. So I said no, no, I'd negotiate with them. I'd be prepared to walk but I'd negotiate with them, and they have to pay a lot more money, and they have to you know -- we got to get our house back in order, right? So I said, I would prepare and I'd much rather take care of them. They have to pay us but I'd much rather take care of them.
We were. We made great deals for this country to really be an excuse maker, blames everybody. Blames people that have nothing to do with anything. When I was president, we didn't blame Putin for every problem. We didn't blame anybody. We just got the job done. It was too late to blame people. We got the job done.
It turned out, it turned out that I lost NASCAR, you know what they did. They rented a ballroom at Trump Doral, can you believe it? That was my lawsuit. They had a ballroom. And by the way, I kept their deposit and rented it to somebody else.
They're not going anywhere. Whereas other guys, I think, including the two categories where 92%, nobody is changing. Whereas other guys are at 18%, in other words, they'll change if the wind changes. My people stick with us. And it was made and the statement was made that we're angry people. We're on the cover of Time.
Where is Adam? Where is Adam? Man, what a job. Thank you, Adam, Look at this family. I don't believe -- that's like from a picture. If I ever need you or anything to promote a hotel, I want to use that family. They're perfect. Put him right on -- look at this family. Wow. So, Adam, good luck. Good luck. We're with you all the way.
She was the worst border czar in history. She was -- she -- she -- now, she says, "I wasn't the border czar," but she was. But she was in charge of the border. She did a horrible job. But a group whose motto includes the words death to America, death to Israel, and a curse on all Jews. That's what their motto is. Most egregiously of all, Kamala Harris and Joe Biden, who doesn't know he's alive, by the way, delivered over $100 billion in sanctions relief to Iran, which this is -- they gave them a lot of money.
What a beautiful -- isn't that a beautiful term? Think of that, the golden age. This will be the golden age of America. Think of that, how beautiful that sounds, and it's true. Remember, we have more liquid gold under our feet than Saudi Arabia, than Russia, than anybody. And I told a great guy, RFK Jr.
But, with or without it it's going to go away, and we are rounding. It drives them crazy, the fake news media. It's going away, and if you look at Europe, you look what's happening over in Europe, they'd always use that as, "Look at Europe." Well, take a look at Europe. They have a problem, a big problem, and we don't want that to happen.
Just imagine if the media spent time -- and lots of time -- investigating the poverty and joblessness of the inner cities.
We'll give them no credit. Let them spend the money. I think it's great. But I have a lot of military guys. And space, from a military standpoint, is really the new frontier. So, we're going to have a Space Force. Every day we are keeping our promises. But to keep this momentum going, we need Kevin Cramer in the Senate.
Very good man. David, are we gonna win? What do ya think? You're an important guy. He may be the most important guy in the room, Tom. I'm sorry. Ya know? If he wa -- whatever it takes. You know whatever it take. But thank you and thank you to you to your beautiful wife. Why thank you very much. Thank you very much.
I said, "Tell him I'll call him back sometime next week." So I signed it up on Monday. Then I started returning the calls. "Yeah. What can I do?" "Well, sir, it's a little late. You just approve them." "Oh, I didn't know." What do I know?
And by the way, Hillary Clinton is going to raise your taxes very, very substantially. [Booing]
He's got planes. They didn't have planes flying over Taiwan. They didn't have ships with me. And I told them, "Don't do it. If you do it, it's going to be really bad. It's going to be so bad, you have no idea." And again, look, we're 9,500 miles away. They're 70 miles away, OK? They're 70 miles. But I don't want it on my watch.
And that's the earliest it's ever happened in the history of our country, and it makes you feel good, you know. I felt guilty. I'd go make a speech in front of -- never people like you, you are the -- you are the leaders, but people, soldiers. And I felt embarrassed because there would be stories about, you know, you couldn't -- we couldn't fill up our Army, Navy, Air Force, we couldn't fill them up. And it was headlines, is headlines, it was during Biden's four years -- the autopen, I call him the Autopen.
Every other president practically going back many years, every other president promised it, and they never had the courage or whatever it is to get it done. And I know why. Because everybody started calling, just like they did me. They'd call and call. When I realized what they were all calling about, I said, tell them I'll call them back in a week.
They're dancing. They're calling us all stupid. The deal was a -- it was a joke. Except for us so serious. It was a joke. It was one of the worst negotiated transactions of any kind I've ever seen. They could have walked. They could have gone in and said before we start we need our prisoners back. This would be three and a half four years ago.
People who warn about radical Islamic terrorism are not Islamophobes. Everyone's an Islamophobe. You mention something you're an Islamophobe. You know they come up with words.
Could you, can you see that piece? This is called Biden Tic Tacs. Can you see it, Tom? This cost more money than the one that was 10 times bigger. This was inflation. That's a perfect -- The guy actually handed me -- "Do you have any Tic Tacs?" "Yeah, take mine, sir." I say, "What the hell is that?" I'm never gonna lose this.
A Yale professor called October 7th an extraordinary day. It was a great day, he said. A Cornell professor said that these heinous attacks were, "exhilarating and energizing to everyone." Kamala Harris said that the radical demonstrators on college campuses were, "Human emotion should be this way." This is her message.
And China had a rough day. Let's put that. Doesn't that tell you something? Right? Doesn't Joe, right? And I gave 28 billion to the farmers and to the New England lobstermen and fishermen. We gave you a lot of money because they took advantage of you, but they don't with me, and I'll fight for the fishermen like never before with four more years.
So I'm not going to say 50,000. But I hear 50. But let's just say thousands. They've taken thousands of plants and businesses and we're going to stop it. We're going to stop it. We have rebuilt China. Now China is just one. And I use that because it's by far the biggest and it's the biggest abuser. But China -- But Mexico, I'll tell you what, for your industry, Mexico's a disaster.
All right. Thank you, everybody, very much. A great honor. Please sit down.
It's probably why Putin decided to go into Ukraine, something he never would have done if I were president. But we wouldn't have had the problems of October 7th, if I were president, we wouldn't have had Ukraine, Russia. If I were president, we wouldn't have had Abbey Gate because there wouldn't have been any reason.
But what do we know about him? He stands up, he reads lines off a teleprompter, most of the time, and then everyone says, oh, that was nice. And you'd go back. You don't learn anything. You don't learn about the person. And probably, if that didn't happen, he wouldn't have been elected. Maybe he wouldn't have been elected and maybe he would have been.
Wow, that's fantastic, thank you.
That was on television now. I think that was on television now. I think that was on television now. I think that's a typographical error of some that's a typographical error of some that's a typographical error of some kind because how do you get less than kind because how do you get less than kind because how do you get less than zero, but it's like that's What it is and zero, but it's like that's what it is and zero, but it's like that's what it is and some of them didn't even register in.
We stand tall, we stand proud, and we only kneel to Almighty God. [Applause]
First of all, it's one of the most beautiful places in the world. It's really -- I made a lot of money with luxury. This building is -- 1799 -- which, of course, when President Xi comes, I say "1799," like it's old. To him, that's like a brand-new house in China. [Laughter] In China, they go back -- they go back 8,000 years.
I didn't tell you what they are." I could, because as president I'm allowed to do it, I mean, you know, Hillary Clinton is the one that gives away classified information. Yeah. Hillary. And how about the idiot John Bolton? I mean, he comes in and only wants to do is go to war with everybody. If I listened to that idiot, we'd be right now in World War V. "Sir, we saw some movement in China.
Kamala Harris will take more money out of American pockets. My plan will leave the typical family with many thousands of dollars more than they have right now. First, I will end Kamala Harris' anti-energy crusade and implement a policy of energy abundance, energy independence, and even energy dominance.
It's so simple. It's so simple. So we're going to have -- we're going to have great trade agreements. We're going to become a strong nation again. We're going to save our Social Security. We're going to save our Medicare. We're going to be so proud of this country. You're going to be proud of your President.
There's something happening that's really good, but let's close it out. Pretend you're 1 point down. Would everybody pretend? Let me just do a poll. Who has already voted? [Audience responds affirmatively]
That's like a gas pump with electricity, right? Eight. They spent $9 billion to build eight charging stations. Other than that, it really works well. I will end the electric mandate on cars immediately. And I have to say this. Look, Elon Musk is great. He's a great guy and he makes a great car. And as strong as I am of this, because I think they're incredible, but it's limited.
He's running. So, I tell that story, even though all of my wonderful geniuses that -- we do have a good campaign going, I have to say. But my wonderful geniuses, my consultants and people that you have, they say, "Sir, people don't care about loyalty in this business." I say, "I think they do." See, I think they do. I think a story like that means something to people, but they say I'm wrong.
But this future can only be achieved through defeating terrorism and the ideology that drives it. Few nations have been spared its violent reach. America has suffered repeated barbaric attacks -- from the atrocities of September 11th to the devastation of the Boston Bombing, to the horrible killings in San Bernardino and Orlando.
You see what's happening. Chicago, thousands and thousands of shootings since January 1st -- thousands. Instead she attacks the police. And by the way, I've gotten the endorsement from virtually every police chief. [Applause]
And the funny thing is so, look, Lindsey was just telling me every other Republican it would have been very tough. They all lost. I won. I won when I won South Carolina, but to win all up and down the east coast, to win Wisconsin, which hasn't been won in many years, like 1972 I think, that's a long time, to win Michigan, which hasn't been won in a long time, and they give her, they say she was a bad candidate, I mean, honestly she was a tough candidate. She wasn't a bad candidate, but they refused to say that I was a good candidate. They refused.
We were doing the greatest -- we had the greatest economy we ever had, the greatest job numbers we ever had, the greatest of everything. There wasn't a thing where we weren't number one. We were beating them and they were having a tough year. Sixty-seven. It was one of the worst years they had in 67 years. And we were doing great. And then they said there's a plague coming over from China. Here it comes. [Laughter] What a disgrace. What a disgrace. And now you saw, last week, the jobs numbers, the biggest ever. You saw the retail sales numbers, the biggest ever. Number one. [Applause]
Went on a rampage. Went on a rampage, right? From 2013 to 2014, the number of drug-related overdose deaths in Ohio increased by nearly 20%. So, look folks, we need the wall. We need to stop illegal immigration. We will stop it. We're not going to have drugs pouring into our country and destroying our youth and others, by the way.
And some of them gave into the dark side and wrote lies and fabricated stories, all sorts of stories. They had a story the other day that I wanted to fire my daughter Ivanka. That didn't happen. No, but how do you how do you call your daughter and explain this, right? You know, they read this, this disgusting talk that was a writer from the fake New York Times, the failing New York Times, a lot of unfunded liability. [Audience boos]
And it's -- Uncle Sam, thank you very much. Please. The great Uncle Sam. You know, I got to shake his hand. I have no idea who the hell he is. I got to shake his hand two weeks ago. He has the strongest handshake. I'm saying, "Man, that guy is strong. Thank you, Uncle Sam. You're great. Kamala flew to a fundraiser in San Francisco, a city she absolutely destroyed.
Nobody knows where, who are they, where do they come from, just sedentary migrants. Nobody even knows what a sedentary migrant is. If they were sedentary, they wouldn't be a migrant, right?
There's not going to be -- I mean, you look at health care. We got no votes. Look at -- we gave you the largest tax cuts in the history of this country. We didn't get one Democrat vote. And they don't vote for a reason. They just vote because it's bad for Trump. In other words, they want to stop anything that we do. If it's really good, they still want to stop it. And we don't want to let that happen.
And as we have seen in this chamber tonight, that same strength, faith, love and spirit is still alive and thriving in the hearts of the American people. Despite the best efforts of those who would try to censor us, silence us, break us, destroy us, Americans are today, a proud, free, sovereign and independent nation that will always be free.
This was one of those deals that was very nice for me, because I heard you're given 20 minutes to speak, and I am right down the road in Palm Beach. I came up, I speak for 20 minutes, and get the hell out of here and I have done a good job. [Applause] You know. It's crazy.
This week, I also canceled temporary protected status for migrants from Haiti. They're pouring into our country, pouring in. If I weren't elected president, there'd be nobody in Haiti anymore. They were pouring in at levels, from other countries too, all over Africa, the Congo, all over South America. And they were coming in from prisons and mental institutions and insane asylums, jails and gang members.
They took over and they didn't put it up. They sold the stuff for $0.05 on the dollar. Think of it for $0.05, and it's expensive. It's what the Border Patrol wanted. You know, I wanted concrete slabs and they wanted to have steel, rebar, and concrete, all three. And they were right. You had to have a fence to see through.
Biden and his accomplices want to collapse the American system, nullify the will of the actual American voters, and establish a new base of power that gives them absolute control over you. I think it's less Biden than the fascists that are in the office because I don't think Biden knows where the hell he is. I think the last thing he's thinking about is let's take the country for a ride for the next 20 years.
I'd like to bring up Sarah Huckabee Sanders... That's pretty good. She's fantastic. That's beautiful. Beautiful. Wow, that's pretty good. How about letting her do the first part of my speech? Good idea? Also, Kellyanne Conway. And a woman who was involved very early on, we had the great state of Michigan.
So -- so we're gonna run a country and we're conservative, generally speaking, in this group. But I'll tell you what, we have a lot of Democrats -- Who's a Democrat that likes Trump in this r- -- room, in this air? Yeah, we have a lot of people. We have a [Laughs] -- He goes, "Let's go, Brendan." That's great.
It's an invasion. And send them straight back home or wherever to carry out the crucial mission of securing our border. We will also be hiring thousands and thousands more ICE agents and border patrol officers Under Republican leadership. We're going to give these heroes, the funding, resources and tools.
So we sent them back, but we still didn't give them the money. But now they made up for it because they give far more than what we were doing, Henry. We're going to end the free reign of violent criminals and Democrat run cities and keep dangerous repeat offenders locked up in jail where they belong. We're going to stop the left-wing radical racists and perverts who are trying to indoctrinate our youth, and we're going to get their Marxist hands off of our children.
Mr. Trump talked about the polls. Well, the polls just came out. And I thought to myself maybe I do talk about polls too much and then I realized I'd been leading since I came out. Since I came out. And Melania, my wife, and my daughter said, you know, Dad, if you ever run you're gonna win. And I said, why do you say that?
With me, they have repercussions. [Applause]
We are a big tent and a big party with big, bold, beautiful ideas for the future. We're what the country was based on originally. It was called greatness. It was called great -- [Audience chants "USA"] and during National School Choice Week, School Choice, everybody. We continue our fight to rescue children trapped in failing government schools.
Are you paid? Get out of here. Get out, out. Get out. Did you read that the other day? They paid $1,500, they're violent, they want to have violence and everybody blamed it on me and now they're saying, "Guess what? Trump was actually innocent." Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Among our reforms will be to cut the red tape at the FDA and speed the approval of life saving drugs.
And the person that's not a professional politician, I'm a job creator, I build great companies, I build great buildings. I do a lot of great things. I've employed 10... I've... I don't do this crap. I've employed 10s of thousands of people over the years. I'm so proud of the company... I've built an unbelievable company.
And I'll also make interest on car loans. This is one that nobody thought of. We're going to make interest because we want to build cars, right? So, this is like getting a cut in price, a huge cut. I'll also make interest on car loans fully tax-deductible, but only for cars made in America. I don't care if they're made in Japan.
Since the end of the Trump administration, the drug cartels have seen their revenue skyrocket by an astounding, listen to this one you business people. You think you're good at business? You're nothing compared to these people. 2,500%. Would you say that's good? If that were stock on the New York Stock Exchange, it would be the hottest stock of the decade.
They do a great job. They're not given the kind of accolades they should get every single day. It's dangerous work and they do an incredible job. We will not take legal protection ever away from them. They want to take legal protection. So if they happen to make a mistake or somebody sues them, they have to protect themselves.
He couldn't get it done. Everybody tried. Everybody -- well, the Democrats, not so much. But everybody tried and every Republican tried, I can tell you that, and they tried like hell, and I got it done. I got it done. And we were ready to drill and go. And this guy gets in, within the first short period of time, they terminated it.
The European Union. And then the press gets angry. They say, Donald Trump is not treating the European Union fairly. Well, that's because they're not treating us fairly, folks. I want to be nice. In fact, they said my poll numbers are very bad in Europe. I said, They should be. [Laughter] No, seriously.
They're right about that, but I'm doing it.
They release these horrible criminals to terrorize our communities. We don't do that anymore. We won't let it happen, and now we don't have to give sanctuary cities and states the money that they're going to want it's a whole game changer. And they don't even want to report it. I don't know, I didn't see much, they keep talking about the virus.
They took over a big piece of the city and they weren't going to do anything. They knew we were going in and so the night before, they said, you know these little facts that I give you just to give you because that's the way it works is supposed to ask us. The governors are supposed to ask us, but these radical left, you know if you look at Republican-run states and cities they're doing phenomenally well, never done better.
This is devastating. There is no winner. There's never going to be a winner with nuclear, believe me. And so I think deals are fine, but they have to be good deals.
Then Andy took about three minutes. He totally destroyed them. Totally destroyed them. Naturally, that doesn't make it on to the television set too much, Andy. Right? But I heard from 20 people. They said it was brutal. It took you about, what, five minutes to break up the false narrative. We have a friend of mine and somebody who's absolutely incredible and he's so tough.
He's owned by China. Does anybody know that? He's a corrupt politician and he's totally compromised? See, now I can say that because he went after me. I would never have said that because of the office of the president. Even if I believed it, I wouldn't have said it because it's a rough thing to say, but it is true.
Well, he looks good, I tell you. That's great. Congratulations. You look beautiful. He's got a better head of hair than I do. I like your hair better than mine. Look at that guy, 105 and he's got better hair than the President. Good, enjoy it. Thank you very much for being here. We appreciate it, 105, beautiful.
There's no time for vacation. We're not going to be big. We're not going to be big on vacation. You know, there's so many things -- just sort of interesting, Chris, the White House is like this incredible place, right? It represents so much and you're there for a limited period of time. If you're at the White House and you have so much work to do, why do you fly so -- why do you leave so much?
So, Biden and crazy Bernie agreed to the mani -- we call it the manifesto. 700% increase. The most dangerous places in the world, they would come in 700%. I have a ban. I was criticized for the ban. I said, "No, if a country hates us, and if their people hate us, and if they wanna do bad things to us, we're gonna have a ban." Everybody criticized me, but I won and the United States [Crosstalk] -- And now we don't let them in -- If it's okay by the great people of Pennsylvania, we don't let them into our country.
Got along with him. We had a very good relationship until COVID. That was just a step too far for me. It was me. I couldn't stand what they did. Even though I think it was incompetence. I don't think it was the other, but I think it was incompetence. But they're out and they're saying hello and they're saying all the different things.
You know, if they said, "Congratulations, you did a good job on insulin," that would be nice. Nobody's going to go crazy about that. Congratulations because insulin was impossible for people to afford. They were dying. They didn't get -- the expense was -- I got it for $35. Nobody thinks it's like even possible.
Our country is in serious trouble. I don't believe we've ever been in a more precarious position than we are right now. And a lot of that has to do with the power of the weaponry. You don't want to mention the word, but it's nuclear. And the power of this would be something so devastating. And we have a person in there that has no idea what he's playing with.
'-- has been about creating jobs -- thousands and thousands of jobs. Hillary Clinton has spent her career destroying jobs. Just look at upstate New York and her terrible trade deals. Hillary supported NAFTA, she supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization -- a disaster.
Should I do that or should I stay with you longer? Let's go over, right? Well come over. We're going to come over. We're going to come over. So a lot of things happened and I found last night interesting because we're going to get a lot of Bernie supporters, I think. And -- and Bernie made a big mistake.
Right? No, and it, it worked out. By the way, 99.9% is good, and then you're immune and all that stuff. You know, I heard you were immune for life. So when I had it, I said, "I'm immune!" To them, to the fake news. And they said, "But only for four months." I heard it was for life. With me, it was for four months.
And anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She wants to ban fracking. And as California attorney general, she redefines sex -- think of this, sex child trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes. [Audience boos]
The estate tax for small businesses, farms, and other things, it's nonexistent. You are leaving your farm or your small business to your children, and they had to go out and borrow money to pay the tax. And they'd oftentimes lose it and be depressed for the rest of their lives and worse, and I got that out.
Just like Hillary Clinton is against the miners, she is against the police, believe me. You know it and I know it. And guess what? She knows it.
I don't need to wait weeks. It's going to be done on the same day that we take together -- we all take the oath of office, OK? The result of Biden's action this week will be more innocent Americans killed by illegal alien criminals, more children trafficked and sold into slavery, and millions more illegal aliens pouring into our country.
And then, you see what's happened to so many of them because of stupid politicians largely and stupid people that ran the companies into the ground. They didn't know what the hell they were doing. It doesn't take much. It only takes one bad executive at the top. But then, foolish and corrupt politicians forced Michigan workers to watch as the jobs and the factories were leached from Grand Rapids and Detroit and Lansing and Flint and sent to foreign lands way far away.
And remember the $5 billion Web site? $5 billion we spent on a Web site, and to this day it doesn't work. A $5 billion Web site.
And then they see a person that is representing the Democrat Party and got no votes and was the first one out. She was the first one out. Think of it, she was the first one out. She never made it to Iowa. Twenty-two people running, and she was the first one to quit. And now, she's running. And it's all right.
I think we do. So I built a great business and I filed my papers and the reporters these are the most dishonest human beings you'll ever meet, you'll ever meet. The most dishonest. The press the media. The media, the most dishonest. [Crowd cheering "Trump"] You know the one thing I do like about the protesters?
The hostages are re -- reuniting. I mean, it's beautiful. I'm just watching it backstage. The, the level of love and sorrow, I've never seen anything like it. It's amazing when you see they haven't seen their mother, their father, they, they haven't seen them in such a long time. And they lived in a tunnel, very little tunnel, very deep.
Stupid people. [Applause]
Modern day version, Great Trojan horse not going to be us. A Trump administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a wall. Sheldon you have a great, great hotel. But I tell you, we could have made this ballroom a little bit larger maybe.
'-- has us up four points in Iowa. [Applause]
I kept my promises. I kept my promises to Iowa. I kept my promises to everybody, and I kept my promises to protect Iowa ethanol, and that turned out to be a very important promise. Thank you, Kim, for getting us so involved in that. I approved E15 for use all year round, and I allowed higher -- -- E15 for use all year round, and I allowed higher ethanol gasoline to be distributed from existing pumps.
We are also going to replace a failed political class that has betrayed our workers, spent trillions on endless foreign wars without victory, and destroyed our middle class.
I was banned by sleazebags. I was banned by bad people. They're far worse. I don't say I'm perfect, but they're far worse than I am. I will tell you, they are far worse. In other words, the entire system was rigged against the American people and rigged against a fair, decent, and honest election. For decades, the conservative movement acted as if all that mattered were policy fights in Washington, or that all it would take to prevail was winning a small handful of Supreme Court cases.
Every state wanted it. I'll probably lose a couple of states because I gave it to Wisconsin. I'll probably lose some states because I gave it to Wisconsin. But my plan is that if you open your factory in Wisconsin or Pennsylvania or Michigan or Minnesota or anywhere else in the United States, you don't pay a tariff or a tax.
I would like to thank Chairman Kim for his courage and for the steps he has taken, though much work remains to be done. The sanctions will stay in place until denuclearization occurs.
Folks, do we want to go through this again?
They're pouring in at levels we've never seen before, and she was the border czar. She now says she wasn't, but she was still in charge of the border. She's the one that did it. And I will tell you, the message that she gave is wrong. It's dangerous, and it's unbefitting a candidate for the president of the United States.
Absolutely, we will fight -- in the meantime, nothing. They do nothing for us. Democrats want to invite caravan after caravan of a legal aliens to pour into our country. These are the same caravans that have violently overrun Mexican soldiers and police. You saw this. We're not dealing with babies here, folks.
And at that time, America was stuck in a failed recovery and saddled with a bleak economic future. And it was bleak. Under the last administration, nearly 200,000 manufacturing jobs had been lost; almost 5 million more Americans had left the labor force, and jobs were not exactly what you would call plentiful; and 10 million people had been added to the food stamp rolls.
And, you know, these towns that I know so well, we get ICE out there, and the people are standing at their windows cheering. They're like clapping for ICE. They're clapping because these are brave people, they're good people, too, good heart. But they're tough. They're tough. They're strong and they're tough.
And we're going to defend our jobs, our families, our borders, and our treasured way of life. And remember, we now put America first. We do it. It's been a long time, it's been a long time. This is the most important election in the history of our country. I believe that and this election is a matter of economic survival for Pennsylvania.
You don't know about people like this in North Carolina. You have tough people too, but they're people that like obeying the laws. They're people that love their police and respect their police and love their military. These people don't love their police and they don't respect their belief. Last month, a sadistic, illegal alien criminal in Texas was sentenced after committing a wild spree of home invasions, brutal robberies and carjacks in which he handcuffed victims, beat them, and in many cases, in four cases, beat them so badly that they died.
The human trafficking has -- it's like never before in our history. And this is a world problem, and it's happening all over the world, but for us, it's through the southern border. Today, we're grateful to be joined by Virginia State Police Senior Special Agent Tom Murphy, who has been chasing down drug traffickers for decades.
You heard him speak before. I heard him from that very nice airplane that's behind us. I said, "I never knew you were that great a speaker." I've heard the word Wesley Hunt. He's a great speaker. Thank you. Thank you, Wesley. And by the way, these are all people that have endorsed me, because if they didn't endorse me, I say, "Don't even come." I have a few said, "Sir, I love you.
So they went from $4,000 to $200,000 and they sold out. So I get there and I didn't know this because Corey and Hope and all my people they didn't tell me this. They said, it's a three-hour debate. Now the room, the Reagan Library, nice place, but it wasn't meant for that many people and it was about 100 degrees in there.
I actually don't even like saying it, because plenty of countries are watching us right now, but we'll get it shaped up very quickly. [Applause] We will build a Marine Corps based on 36 battalions, which the Heritage Foundation notes is the minimum needed to deal with major contingencies. Right now, we only have 23. We will build a Navy of 350 surface ships and submarines as recommended by the bipartisan National Defense Panel.
I gave up a tremendous amount, including shows and everything else. But I gave up a lot. You know a politician gives up nothing. They run, they lose, they win. They run again totally controlled by their donors by special interests and by lobbyists, totally. And there is a story, and I have to tell you because this is like -- and I've been saying it for a long time.
Remember when Saturday Night used to be good? It is so pathetic now. It's so bad. But remember Jon Lovitz? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm a businessman. That's right. I'm a businessman. Oh, that's right, I'm a business -- I went to the Wharton School of Finance. That's right. I went to the Wharton School. Yeah, I'm a great success.
I have a couple of ideas. Former acting attorney general, a friend of mine, Matt Whitaker. Very popular, Matt. He's very popular. Good guy. He's a good football player, too, by the way. The stakes of this election could not be higher. It can't be higher. And by the way, I just spotted him, a man who is the single greatest buyer of commercials in the history of television, Mike Lindell.
I love the people of this country and I didn't really want to do this. I did something -- I have this -- people actually thought I wouldn't run because it say -- what, why would he do this? It's hard, nasty.
And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Audience chants "USA"] And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America, sanctuaries for criminals.
I tried finding a different word, but there are some words that cannot be duplicated. But it's true, everything he touches. All of this persecution is only happening because I am running for president and leading big in all of the polls, every poll. In the big new Focal poll, we're leading Biden by eight points here in Georgia, and we're leading Biden all over the country.
It would've been 20, 25 years. I said, "How much is this?" "$2 billion, sir." I said, "Wait a minute. We're going to build, isn't it like a one-story building, two-story building? You don't build them for $2 billion in Iowa, I don't think Jeff, do you?" So I said, "Why so much?" They said, "Well sir, by the time we do this and buy the land -- " "Why do you have to buy land?
So, Joe Biden tried to cut Medicare during the course of his terms, and he worked very hard in cutting Social Security. You wouldn't believe that, right, and we actually put it up. We put it on our where's at screen. For places that we really like we use the screen, it's very expensive. You'll see. Biden was a cheerleader for NAFTA, which is the worst trade deal ever made, and China's entry into the World Trade Organization which cost Wisconsin 130 minimum manufacturing jobs.
A man who people love and the state loves, a congressman who's done a fantastic job, he's always there, works so hard, Gus Bilirakis. Gus? Thank you, Gus. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Along with the next congressman from Florida's 17th district, Greg Steube. Greg? Greg Steube. And your state's chief financial officer, he watches all that money that pours in, Jim Patronis.
The Marshall Plan was built on the noble idea that the whole world is safer when nations are strong, independent and free. As President Truman said in his message to Congress at that time, our support of European recovery is in full accord with our support of the United Nations. The success of the United Nations depends upon the independent strength of its members.
It's always for whether it's an arena or whether it's a basketball court whatever it is. It's always full and there's even more people pouring in right now as we speak. Should we wait 20 or 25 minutes? No. Right? So I just I really appreciate it. It's been -- it's been so incredible. So we had the debate the other night and the debate was good.
His name was Dr. Norman Borlaug. You know that, right? Dr. Norman Borlaug. Very important life and man. Norman had many setbacks in life but he never, ever gave up. He was known -- he wouldn't give up. His teacher said that Norman will not be defeated by difficulty, and he burns with missionary zeal.
Thanks as well to Fort Myers Mayor Randy Henderson. Randy. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you, Randy. Good job, Randy. That's quite a crowd, huh?
And it's a stampede of love. It's true. It's not a stampede -- it's a stampede of love. [Applause]
Did you see that? "We're going to stop the Make America Great again. We're going to stop MAGA." No, MAGA means make America great again. America First. Is that the greatest? You know, we had KAG. You remember KAG? We were going to have the second campaign where we did do much better than we did in the first, but we're going to have the second KAG, keep America great.
I said, of course we'll get it. Why wouldn't we get it? I said, I want 28,000 soldiers to guard our border while we're building the wall. We're building the wall and the people from Mexico. The meeting was set up, and I happen to like the president of Mexico a lot. He's a socialist, but you can't have everything.
That's what we're doing, and that's what it's all about. And you see that. I think you see it more in the last week than you've seen it in years. And I walked up the stairs of that massive plane that's waiting for me, that big 747, and I said, "There's no way I'm going to let myself fall." Because that was -- that was one hell of a -- that triple fall was a disaster.
We will get critical race theory and other left-wing lunacy out of our military, and we will get it out of our classrooms and we'll get it out fast. And, you know, we had it out. But one of the first things when he signed all of those documents, those wonderful documents, I wonder if any of those documents are on the garage floor of his house.
We have no longer. We just don't have. I'm sorry. We have no longer any Republican ballots." Democrats come right off head and then they say the elections are honest. We are also like a third-world country when it comes to elections. As the Wisconsin Supreme Court said in its decision, if the right to vote is to have any meaning at all, elections must be conducted according to law.
When we caught a murderer and we wanted to bring it back to one of those countries, they wouldn't take him. And they wouldn't take him under the Obama administration. So we got stuck with them because they'd fly in. They'd say, "Don't land your plane." And I said something very simple. I said, "That's okay.
Now they say, "He's inciting violence.". No, no, but when Biden's -- I thought it was a terrible thing, remember that he actually like, "I want to take him to the back of the barn." They didn't say anything, if I said that they'd say this is a terrible human being right? It's all right. You know what, in the meantime, we have the White House, right?
And after decades of broken promises, we opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Many, many presidents had promised we will open the American embassy and they campaign and they never did it, but I did it, and then, on top of that, just three weeks ago the United States acknowledge Israel's sovereignty over the Golan Heights. It's a big thing.
I said you've got to be kidding. You don't like me, I don't like you. What the hell is this all about? He said, that's right, we've had our differences. I haven't liked you, but to be honest with you, Mr. President, I have no choice. I said, you're right, you're right. First thing I've ever heard him say that I agreed with him.
But the Republicans don't know how to cheat. They cheat. They will cheat. And if they didn't, they couldn't win anything because frankly, who the hell wants open borders and all of this stuff that they promulgate, including things that we'll be talking about in just a minute. But in the end, they're not coming after me. They're coming after you, and I'm just standing in their way.
He's a friend of mine, and the people that work with him at the top and everybody in there is just incredible. President of the National Border Patrol Council, Mr. Brandon Judd. He's fantastic. Where's Brandon? Come in. Come in. And also, they're so important. And they're heroes and they get treated very badly.
You gave it to Brooke. She's spending it on policy. We don't have to worry about policy. We have to worry about getting elected, right? But Brooke is fantastic, and she's done such a good job and she's Make America Great Again, top of the line, right? And she's going to -- and what I didn't know and, as soon as I found out, I said that's it, she studied, that's what she studied, agriculture.
A record that stood for 18 years gets broken by a 157 pounds. They put in a quarter of an ounce and a quarter of an ounce and the women can't do it. I can't do it. They put in 150 pounds and the guy lifts it like it's nothing. The whole thing is crazy. It's crazy. There are people I think they're serious about -- I don't understand.
There's so many doctors, you know, when you're President, there's so many doctors, and I had 12 doctors -- can you believe it? I've never had 12. I've had one or two, but I've never had 12, and each one was a specialist, different parts of the body, and they would grab my body and I hated it. I hated it.
He proudly displayed it shortly later on his website, displayed it in big letters. Make no mistake, if you give power to Joe Biden, the Radical Left will defund police departments all across America. They will pass federal legislation to reduce law enforcement nationwide. They will make every city look like Democrat-run Portland, Oregon.
I got sued on a thing called "emoluments." Emoluments. You ever hear the word? Nobody ever heard of it before. They went back. Now, nobody looks at Obama getting $60 million for a book. That's okay. Even though nobody in history ever got that money for a book. Obama got $60 million. Think of it: $60 million for a book.
No, they ride through the desert and they make a left, where you don't have the wall. It's so simple. Everybody knows it. You know, the Democrats all know it because five years ago, before I was here, they all wanted it. Now they don't want it. You know why they don't want it? For political reasons. And you know what?
It's an insult. That's right, no deal. It means you get up and you walk. You get up and you walk. And we never walk. So here's what we're going to do. We're going to end up. And you know when you see the manufacturing when you see the people build that wall. What's more important to you, the wall or the trade deals?
Social Security I'm the only Republican that's going to say this and I don't know people going to love it or not but I think we've got to make this country rich again. We can do it with smart leadership. And when we make it rich we can save Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid and not cut it like almost every Republican wants to do. Let's cut Social Security, cut Medicare, cut med -- Now, you go after the fraud and abuse but you don't cut it. We make the country rich again.
We're dying to run against him." First of all, we won in 2016. Same people said, "He won't be able to beat Hillary Clinton. Now they say he won't be able to beat Crooked Joe Biden." Well, he -- I took the word away from Hillary, right? We call her now beautiful Hillary. She's a beautiful woman. I took it away because it was so good, and it fit Joe Biden so well.
We will go to voter ID, same day elections. Some of these elections in some states, they go on forever. They go on for 48 days. They go on forever. And then after the election's over, they say, "Oh, if you need another week, don't worry about -- " How the hell do you add up an election if you need another week?
Great.
Can't have it. Mexico, $58 billion. Think of it, China, China 58 -- China -- Mexico, $58 billion. China, $505 billion in a trade deficit. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. So what's going to happen is we've got the greatest negotiators in the world. Carl Icahn, all of them, they're calling me. They all want to be involved.
They've -- say, would you want about Bernie Sanders. He got it on free trade. He got it. Free trade, now, I'm a -- I'm totally -- I'm a free trader. I believe in free trade. You know, they get it all wrong because they just don't say it properly. But I want smart trade. I want -- I want to trade with other countries but I don't want to lose $500 billion a year with China.
We have a massive trade deficit with everybody. But we're changing it. We made the great deal for your farmers with Canada and with Mexico. And every other business, by the way. And we're not going to have our companies leaving the United States anymore. They're going to stay here, and they're going to expand in our country.
It is no longer energy independent or energy dominant like it was just two years ago. It's a nation that is begging Venezuela and Saudi Arabia for oil. It's a nation that surrendered in Afghanistan, leaving dead soldiers, American citizens, and $85 billion worth of the finest military equipment in the world behind.
I was very -- actually, it's a good-looking bus company. I think I'm going to use it sometime. But we don't need buses, do we? No, the buses are -- they get these people from someplace, they pay them, and they send them in. Oh, she got a wonderful crowd today. And then you see the people that -- she's making a speech, they're all looking at their phone, blah, blah, blah, calling their girlfriend, calling their boy. But all she talked about was Donald Trump.
We need to get political correctness and left-wing race and gender theories out of our military so that America can once again fight and win wars. We have to be thinking about winning. We have to abolish all COVID mandates and lockdowns and rehire every patriot who is fired from the military with an apology to them and give them their back pay that they've been looking for.
I wonder why they want that. And just two years ago, we had Iran, China, Russia, and North Korea. Remember North Korea how tough that was? And he became absolutely fine, Kim Jong-Un. Remember how bad that was? It was going to be nuclear war according to Obama, " We're going to have a war." I said, "Have you ever called him?
But it's the smartest thing we can do. It's the cheapest thing we can do because nobody is going to mess with us. Nobody is going to mess with us. That's the way we have to have it. And here's the thing. We don't win, but we're going to win. We're going to win so much. We're going to win on healthcare. We're going to win with China.
Where you sit and wait for hours and then are notified that the plane won't leave, and they have no idea when it will. A nation where ticket prices are through the roof. They don't have the pilots to fly the planes. They don't want to seek qualified air traffic controllers and they don't know what they are doing.
When the powerful can get away with anything, because they have the money and the connections to rig the system, then people lose confidence in our laws and in our future.
You know, they love their children. They'd leave it to their children. Then they get this huge estate tax. They have to mortgage it, then they end up losing it. That's a very sad story, so I got rid of it. We call it the death tax. And standing up to China with massive tariffs, taking in billions and billions of dollars when no other president took in literally $0.10, not $0.10, over decades.
The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on planet Earth. And we are supporting law enforcement and we are supporting our police. We're rebuilding our military and you know where all these beautiful new equipment is made? The rockets, the Jets, the ships, everything, it's made in America, don't we love that?
He went by her so fast, the wind was blowing and she got wind burn. Now he broke the record by 38 seconds. And the story, maybe even better as the weight lifter, I don't know what the number was like 218 pounds or something. And this young woman, very strong woman, stronger than most of the men in this audience said.
And I've always made money now. I'm now I'm making it for you people I've had good days and bad days, but in good days and bad days, I always found a way to make money and we have to do that for our country. But and we did $188 billion in -- Scott just now. $188 billion in tariffs, $188 billion and we haven't even started yet.
[Video] Will you remember that Pennsylvania?
If you have a small farm or business, you can leave it to your children, tax-free, tax-free. She's getting rid of that. I always say if you don't like your children, don't waste your time applauding. But if you do, does anybody not like their children, No, If you have a small business, you have no estate tax or death tax.
And businesses all across the country have taken notice. In recent years, Indiana has welcomed dozens of companies fleeing high taxes and high-tax states. Thousands of new jobs and massive capital investment have followed -- meaning a better quality of life for the people of Indiana.
This trip comes at an exciting time for America. A new optimism has swept all across our country. Economic growth has reached 3.2 percent, and going higher. Unemployment is at its lowest level in 17 years. The stock market is at an all-time high. And the whole world is lifted by America's renewal.
They said, he can't win. Because the system is rigged. I have to say, our system was rigged too. Except for one thing. If you win by massive landslides every week, it's no longer rigged. It's like the boxers. that's right. That's what happened. The system was not meant for me to come in as an outsider that built a great company.
But now, we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years where banks are collapsing and interest rates are skyrocketing. Likewise, we are a nation where energy costs have reached the highest in history. We are no longer energy independent or energy dominant as we were just three short years ago.
It's nice to not have to travel to California and other places, right? Yesterday, Kamala laid out her so-called economic plan. She says she's going to lower the cost of food and housing starting on day one. But day one for Kamala was three and a half years ago. So, why didn't she do it then? So, this is day 1,305. We're at 1,305. So, why isn't she doing it now?
We got -- it's automatic because it's just the way it falls. You know, winning the Electoral College is a very, very hard thing to do and we just ran this string right, but it's a very hard thing to do, but we're winning in Florida, we're winning here. You know it's amazing, like if he came here, Sleepy Joe, if he came here, honestly, if they announce, it worked really hard to try and find people.
And Jim Hood went to the United Nations and opposed your right to self-defense. If you don't want a far-left Democrat running Mississippi -- wait a minute. How's this guy, you know, I can't believe this is a competitive race. It's like embarrassing. I'm talking to Mississippi you know. I'm talking to Mississippi.
So, we will build this policy. And it's called Build it in America Plan. It's Build it in America because when foreign leaders and CEOs call me up to complain about our tariffs, my answer will be very simple. Build it in America, you don't have any tariffs. Build it right here in Detroit, you don't have any tariffs.
It's going to be the most important vote, and you're going to be proud of your country again. And hopefully you're going to be proud of your president. And remember this... [Applause]
Think of that. More than any state in the United States. So essentially, that saying you're in a certain category, which is a very important category, you're doing better than any state in the United States. How do I lose New Mexico? Explain that one, right? How do we lose that one? No. And yet, for whatever reason, it's been quite a while since the Republican won this state, but we're going to win the state.
A bird graveyard. Go under a windmill someday. You'll see more birds than you've ever seen ever in your life. You know, in California, they were killing the bald eagle. If you shoot a bald eagle, they want to put you in jail for 10 years. A windmill will kill many bald eagles. It's true. And you know what?
We're going to have education local. We're going to rebuild our military. We have the greatest people in the world in our military, very depleted. We are going to take care of our great veterans. They have been treated horribly. We will reduce surging crime and support the men and women of law enforcement.
Great people. Great people. Thank you very much. That is a great group. That is some assemblage of talent. And a very great honor to have them. Thank you very much. We're also pleased to be joined tonight by Lieutenant Governor Burt Jones. Burt, thank you. Wherever you may be, Burt, thank you. Great guy.
Perfect. You know, I said that jokingly, I said that a couple of weeks ago. CNN, fake news CNN, went crazy. "He's not in perfect shape and he's not young." They went crazy. They thought it was horrible, a horrible, a horrible statement. No, we did a great job, and I would like to say that the antibody, what they gave me didn't help but it probably did, because I woke up the next morning and I felt like superman.
We're winning most of our cases. And it's only because of attitude, because we know that they have been screwing us for years. And it's not going to happen any longer. They get it. They get it. So they're giving us victories. They're giving us victories. And I'd like to use a different word, but there's no word that's quite as -- [Audience member calls out]
... is destabilizing our health care system, surging premiums and forcing providers out of the market. They are out of the market. Nobody to talk to, nobody to talk to. If we don't act quickly, the damage will be irreversible and our country cannot afford it, not only can't you afford it, our country can't afford it. That's why we will and must repeal and replace Obamacare. We have no choice. [Applause]
If Biden wins, China wins because China will own the USA. He's going to own it, they're going to own it, President Xi, I know him well. [Audience boos] He has not got the same problems that Biden has. He is a very sharp guy, very smart guy, very cunning guy. He'll own the United States. I've charged them billions and billions and billions of dollars in tariffs.
And I don't want to brag, but it says Trump was right about everything. And if you look, whether it's the border, the this, I've been right about everything, unfortunately. I wish I wasn't. So, when I return to the White House, we will stop the plunder, rape, slaughter, and destruction of our American suburbs, our cities, and towns.
It's the only thing that the -- the MS13 gangs, probably the worst gangs in the world, it's the only thing they understand is this toughness. But they do an incredible job, and they should be greatly respected. They're incredible patriots. And Border Patrol, incredible, incredible patriots. And we have to thank them.
It's over. I'll tell you. And I'll tell you what. It's lucky I had the real poll in my hand. He would have really done a number of --
I said, "You don't give us protection at our border, I'm going to charge you a tariff for 25%. We want 28,000 soldiers on our border." We had the safest border in the history of our country. Now we have the worst border in the history of the world, by the way. After NAFTA, the United States lost nearly four million manufacturing jobs and almost one in three auto jobs.
Those released include individuals convicted of killings, sexual assault and some of the most heinous crimes imaginable, who went on to reoffend at a very high rate.
The silent majority is back and stronger than ever before. My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together has only just begun, and it is time to start talking about greatness for our country again. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. So, with the help of everyone here today and citizens all across our land, we will make America powerful again.
We will fully restore patriotic education to our schools and always protect. We will always, always protect free speech on college campuses. And we put a very big penalty in, if they do anything having to do with your free speech, colleges have to pay a tremendous, tremendous financial penalty. And again, it is amazing how open they have been lately.
We don't want a lottery system. We want a merit system. And we're going to get it. And we're on our way to getting it. Need a few more votes. We got to get some Republicans. And he voted -- and he -- believe this is somebody -- he's not into the American military, but we are. We are really into the American rebuilt military.
African-Americans, you've heard me say this, the unemployment rate recently achieved the lowest level in recorded history. Along with Hispanic and Asian, lowest levels in recorded history.
I didn't cause it. Because they blame you for everything. Think of it. And, you know, most of the new jobs that were created -- you know about this, right -- they went to migrants. Do you know that? David knows that. And I hope he's going to be your new senator, by the way. He's a good man. Because don't forget, your senator knew all this stuff that I'm saying.
Is only a, they say a misdemeanor. But they try and bring it up to a felony. If there's two crimes, they have all these different things. The other thing is they missed the statute of limitations by a lot because this was very old. They could have brought this seven years ago instead of bringing it right in the middle of the election.
And these fake people, these -- these stupid people who say, They don't release them from jail." They do, Mike. They do. You know that. You better elect him, your senator, I'll tell you. [Audience responds affirmatively] As well as over -- and these are specific numbers. That's why when they rounded them out, I said, "I don't want them rounded out.
Our country is a mess. We will turn our country around. We will make America great again. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much.
It's going bad, and it can never get fixed because we're never going to get the right people in because of what they do with the elections. We're going to get a bunch of crooks and horrible people, and not dumb -- not dumb people, by the way. You know, she's a dumb person, but the party -- but she's not -- she's not going to run.
Look at him. But those cameras will never turn, will they? See, I'm watching the cameras. They're not turning because they don't want to turn because they don't want to show what's happening. This is the greatest movement in the history of our country, and if we don't win this election, our country is finished.
That's a front row Joe, stand up, Joe. Front row Joe's, look at these people. Whoa, whoa. They might even have your record, North Carolina, okay, all these North Carolina women. But they come to a lot of events, and they're rich people, I think. You have plenty of cash. They got a lot of cash. They got to have a lot of cash, they follow me all over the place.
Thousands more African-Americans are victim and victims of violent crime in these communities. Joe Biden and the Left ignore these American victims. I never will. If the radical Left takes power, they will apply their disastrous policies to every town, city, and suburb in America. Just imagine if the so-called peaceful demonstrators in the streets were in charge of every lever of power in the US government.
There are many more of you than there are of them, and a lot of them are you because it's common sense. You know, they say, are you a conservative? Are you -- whether you're conservative, I'm conservative, but I'm really a person of common sense. We need a wall. We want low taxes. We want good education. We want to be able to build and buy houses.
Where they have the whole deal and plenty of buttons, we've got their vote. But the lines have been incredible all over the country. We've pulled --
We have the smartest people. We'll put I.Q.s among -- some of us, we couldn't say all of us, right -- against any I.Q.s that we -- we have to deal with, that I can tell you. I would love to do that.
Thank you.
Think of that. We had periods of time where it was $1.57, $1.87. How does that sound to you? But under $2 a gallon, the 30-year mortgage rate was at a record low, the lowest ever recorded $2 -- Think of this, 2.65%, that's what your mortgage rates were. Now you can't get a mortgage. If you want to pay 8 or 9%, you still can't get them.
But these stupid politicians say, "Can you believe a horrible, horrible statement like that? We're supposed to give them democracy." They're going to have democracy, folks. They're going to be the meanest -- the meanest, hardest, greatest hater of the United States will take over, will take the oil, will build his own palaces.
Didn't she? I tell you. One question and that was the end of him. How you enjoy politics, Mike, that didn't work out too well. 1.8 billion wiped out in one question. That was the most expensive question in history. To protect our workers during the pandemic, I suspended the entry of new foreign workers who threatened American jobs.
She'll make a couple of minor changes, she'll approve it.D. This was said, then they backpedaled, well he doesn't speak -- let me tell you Terry McAuliffe knows her better than Bill knows her. Terry knows her better than anybody, your Governor, he made this statement. OK, all right, so here's a couple of things that are just sort of amazing.
Millions of people are coming in. I believe the number by the time this guy gets out -- and we have to get him out. But I believe it'll be 15 million to 16 million people. That's bigger than New York State. That's more people than New York State. And these aren't people that, you know, for the most part -- look, again, they come from prisons and they come from mental institutions.
That's great. Good. Got some good news back there, Ron. Good job. I watched your speech today. Beautiful. Thank you. Yes? Good. Thank you very much. Thank you. And just make some room for them, so they can get out and, hopefully, come back before we finish because we can stay here all day as far as I'm concerned.
We want a fair deal, we just don't want them to have nuclear weapons. It's all we want. I recognized Israel's capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem, and just two weeks ago I announced that the United States would recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. That's a big deal. And as rockets rained down on Israel, we reaffirmed America's solidarity with the citizens of Israel in their fight against terror.
Look, we made -- we made a tremendous mistake. We went into Iraq. Shouldn't have happened. Everything you see right now is an offshoot of that decision. That was a very bad decision. Then Obama got out the wrong way. He came out. I mean, here's a guy he announces the date that we're leaving. So the enemy pulls back.
Last month, I approved a major disaster declaration for the state of Florida, and together we will rebuild the panhandle stronger then ever before, we're doing it right now. Stronger and better, rebuilt. Stronger, and we do plenty of others, but I won't tell you about everything, because we don't have enough time.
That horrible day, actually, horrible day. But we had a tremendous crowd. He was behind me with a group of people, like, you know, two, three times the size of this. It was bleachers. But 99 percent of the audience was out there. But this guy was standing up. So, they say that when a shot is fired in a stadium like a soccer game, everyone -- they call them stampede.
The first day in office -- by the way, Reagan tried to get it, he couldn't get it done. Other presidents tried to get it, they couldn't get it done. The first day in office, they terminated it. This was going to make Alaska into something like nobody's ever seen before. But the biggest beneficiary would've been the United States of America.
Corruption is corrosive to the soul of a democracy and it must be stopped and we're going to stop. Because we have one ultimate check on Hillary's corruption. And that is the power of the vote. The power of the vote. The only way to beat the corruption is to show up and vote by the tens of millions including millions of people voting for the first time in their lives.
And they're going to have it, they're going to have it, they're going to have it very, very soon. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. So, on Tuesday -- see, it's very simple. For two weeks, I've been saying, call this number, that number, you know, early voting, late voting.
Right? [Audience cheers] We'll teach our children the truth about America that we are the most exceptional nation on the face of the earth and we are only getting better. Are we getting better, it's a healing process. This is the most important election we've ever had. I'm telling you. You know, I used to say like even a couple of months ago, well, you know 20 -- How do you -- how do you like 2016, that was pretty exciting, right?
He comes for an encore. They go crazy. They want more, comes for another encore, they go crazy, does one more, and it's a dud. And everybody leaves and says that wasn't that good, was it? So, oftentimes, you're better off, you leave on a high note. But I said I would do that. So, why don't we take a few questions and then -- sure, ma'am, please.
It was interesting. I was being interviewed by a New York Times reporter. He said, "What happened the second time?" I said, "Well, we did much better. We got 12 million more votes. He said, "You know, come to think of it, it's true, actually." But, you know, when something's rigged, it wouldn't have mattered if I got 25 million more votes.
What they're going through in those places, it's unbelievable. I mean, they're literally taking over those towns, and they're taking over hundreds -- those are to your -- hundreds of towns and cities throughout our country, including the big ones. Look at New York. All of the people, what's happened to the quality of life.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Look at this. We have a lot of front-row joes here. Wow. Hello. What a great group of patriots they are. I don't know, they've gone to, I think, 219 or 220. And this -- this isn't a rally, but this is a different kind of thing. Today, we're going to talk about one subject, and then we'll start going back to the other because we sort of love that, don't we? But it's an important -- no, it's an important -- they say it's the most important subject.
No, Jeb had $148 million. Think of it, we go to New Hampshire, Jeb was expected to win New Hampshire big. Right? So I win in a landslide, and I spent a tiny fraction. I spent $2 million, even less, and he spent many many, many times that. And I said to myself, "Who do we want?" Same thing, South Carolina.
Hello, Wisconsin. It's great to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of hard-working, great American patriots. We appreciate it, too. And, you know, we were -- we were up here on Saturday. We had a group -- Tommy, I -- I think it was maybe 50,000 or 60,000 people. And because we were not afforded the luxury of having enough security because of -- not because of Secret Service but because of Washington, I spoke in front of about 700 people.
That legislative effort begins with Thursday's crucial vote, and it really is a crucial vote for the Republican Party and for the people of our country, to finally repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. That's what it is, a disaster. [Applause]
They stick the FBI on mothers at school board meetings while they teach four-year-olds to pick their own genders. Would you like to change your gender? [Audience boos]
Our -- our first lady, she put out that Barron has tested positive and I said, wow, and we talked about it. I said you put it out you're -- you know it's like personal stuff, but you really have it. I said, yeah, let's put it out, Barron's tested positive. Within like two seconds it was Barron is just fine now.
How do you like that? Wausau. Wausau. Is that right, Wausau? I like Wausau. No, but think of this, sexually assaulting, and what he did to her was so horrific that he's now facing up to 100 years in prison, 100 years. These are towns that had no -- these are towns and -- and little beautiful areas of our planet that had no problems.
These people, I'll tell you what they have, I'll tell you they have a great line of bull***. That's one thing I can tell you. That was a renovation. Like sloppy Chris Christie, "Oh, he only built 56 miles of wall because there was some wood laying on the ground." So, they call that a renovation. We built almost 500 miles of wall.
For the last four years, I have been going to battle for you with everything g I have. There has never been a President who has been treated so badly as I have. It's all turning. It's all just fine. Thank you. And by the way, this should never happen to another President again. We caught them spying on our campaign.
We are gonna get the Gulf States to pay for it. They're gonna pay. Don't forget, without us the Gulf States won't exist. They won't exist.
And in the Harvard Harris Poll also just came out, we're leading crooked Joe by six points, which means a lot more because you know when I'm leading by six points, I hate to say this, I shouldn't say it's a little embarrassing, but when they say, "Who are you voting for?" When they say, "It's none of your business." Or tougher words, they go the F-U word.
Laura is only the head of the Republican Party. She's upwardly mobile. She's upwardly mobile. But a man who's done an incredible job at the company. I think there has never been a human being that's had more subpoenas. Every day Congress would serve a subpoena on him, and he has done some job, I'll tell you, Eric Trump.
Oh, I hope he wins because he will never ever be able to answer these questions. Okay? Ever. The fake news can do whatever they want to do. He will never ever be able to answer why a guy who was making absolutely no money is making millions and millions of dollars a year on companies that -- there are those that they say they were corrupt.
And now, West Virginia, you have to see what's happened there, what's happened here, what's happened in other places. It's really incredible. And if you look at iron ore, where you need the miners, also, what's going on there -- we've revived the steel business. And now we're taking in Minnesota, we opened it up. The finest in the world -- finest in the world -- the iron ore, and it's coming in. Instead of dumping crap all over our country, they dump steel in order to put our steel plants out of business.
In our all-out war against the virus, we've lifted bureaucratic barriers and marshaled America's scientific, industrial, and technical brilliance. And we do have total brilliance. Some of it's in this room, by the way, in case you don't know. I will apply -- [applause] -- it really is -- some of the people. Right? Right, Bill? Some incredible people in this room.
Secondly, we should help Americans purchase their own coverage, through the use of tax credits and expanded health savings accounts, but it must be the plan they want, not the plan forced on them by our government. [Applause]
They're loaded up with cars from Japan. We give them practically nothing. It's called imbalance. It's all one way. We have people negotiating for us who are political hacks. They're the best political hacks in the world. They get their jobs because they give campaign contributions. Some of them get the jobs because they work hard with politicians, but they don't know anything.
And we are restoring the name of a great President William McKinley to Mount McKinley in Alaska. And as you know, many years ago, Jimmy Carter gave away the Panama Canal and Panama started the process of giving the Panama Canal--by the way, the most expensive development ever in the history of our country, relatively.
It's true. Yeah. Those red lights. Well, there's one over there. What the hell network are you with? This guy is going to lose his job. The American voters and now Joe Biden are doing. What they're doing is just terrible and to the American voter and to the to our great country, our great country, because we are greater than China.
We're going to take jobs back from all these countries that are ripping us off. We're going to become a wealthy country again and we're going to be able to save your Social Security. We'll not take it. Now, think of it, now I can't believe this number but I read over -- who is the man that told me the number?
And by the way, nothing to do with this, but we're going to get rid of the regulations that are the mounting up like on a daily basis it's ridiculous. Regulations are going to go to wayside. [Applause]
And Obamacare is an absolute disaster. How much have they raised your premiums [Inaudible] -- double? Double. How about triple; quadruple? It's horrible and it's going to die of its own weight, but we're going to -- we are going to terminated it and we are going to replace it, and it will be so much better and so much less expensive. [Applause]
One is oil and one is something else. Remember ethanol, you're not protected. I guarantee you that. I guarantee you that. But Ted has guys. They're all but every one of them. They are people that put up millions and millions of dollars. Those people control those candidates. OK, so if it comes to a vote and they need to put up their hand, that's good for the country and these people don't want him to do it. They're not doing it, folks because they want them to be there for the next election.
I said Brooke, that doesn't sound politically viable to me. That doesn't sound good because nobody's going to believe me when you get out there that it's Sleepy Joe Biden's fault. So, Brooke, you got to get going, Brooke, please. And she did a great job, and you had so many eggs for Easter and your price was down 87 percent from that point.
They always talk about the big lie. They're the big lie. But the fake news and the lamestream media refused and they refused. They refused. They refuse to talk about it. They continued to refuse to talk about it. They say, "While it is unsubstantiated and the big lie." The big lie -- the big lie is a lot of bullshit.
That's me. [Audience cheers]
But to fully restore our economy, we must first restore public safety. We have a very unsafe nation. You see it every night on television. You see scenes that we've never seen where hundreds of people run into stores, knock the hell out of everyone, and grab everything. And within minutes, the entire store is emptied out, and they don't allow the police to do their job.
You know, you hear all this crap about delegates. It's a fixed system. It's a rigged system. It's disgusting. But we're like, listen to this. We're like the boxer. He goes into unfriendly territory. The champ, I say, Champ what are you doing? What do you do and why you're going there? He said, You are going to lose.
Hillary Clinton is the candidate of the past.
He is so bad he is so damn bad. It's like -- we shouldn't have been in Iraq. And I should get points for vision because I'm the only one on the stage. Now I'm not a politician. Thank goodness. Although now I am. But I said don't be there. That was a long time. Reuters long time ago they sent the delegation to the White House because I was getting so much publicity on it to try and convince me. I said, "But you know the problem is you're going to destabilize the Middle East.
Now, three or four polls got it right, but for the most part, you know, it's suppression. They want to convince you that Trump has no chance so you don't bother voting. You go to a movie then you come home. But the problem is you never went to the movie, you went out and voted.
We have the greatest negotiators in the world. We don't use them. We use political hacks. We're gonna make great deals for the United States. So we're got to bring our money back. We right now owe China $1.8 trillion dollars. We owe Japan $1.6 trillion. Think of it, Japan sends us millions of cars and we owe them $1.6 trillion.
You know, they don't talk about the therapeutics, but we came up with things that are incredible and I think extremely effective. All Joe Biden had to do was sit back and do nothing. And it was taking off like a rocket ship. Nobody's ever seen it. Between the economy and all of the other things, we did the border.
And you look at her history. And they question policies. And they talk all the time about racist, racist. It's the only word they know.
I said, I said, "Let me ask you this, look he's coming in, he's coming in, but first of all, he didn't endorse him." You know, your vice president, wouldn't endorse him. And then after he won he wouldn't endorse him. You know, it took him like a long time, right? You know why? Because Obama was in shock that this guy won.
President, we've decided that we're gonna build our $2.5 billion plant in the United States. Right? It's, it's easy and I don't need my killers. I don't need my Wall Street geniuses. I don't need all of these great negotiators that will be working for our country, free I'll, be working for our country free.
I'm going to fight -- I'm going to fight for people to be able to speak. And actually, when they said this to me, I was in an office building very high up and I'm looking down. And I said to these powerful pastors and these powerful men and women, it's just powerful people with tremendous strength and energy and conviction.
And don't kid yourself, folks. Other countries do that with us. We have a free deal with China. They can put their stuff in, no consequence, no tax, no nothing. Try doing business with China. I have a couple of friends here that are very much involved with New Hampshire. They love New Hampshire. They can't get their product into China.
Because if we touch it, the world will come to an end, they say. If we dig a little bit, like China does and like other countries, we have some great rare earth. You know what rare earth is? They make different things including chips and batteries and things. We have some incredible sites, but they're all taken totally off the market because some guy sitting there with very thick glasses looks at it and says that's an environmental site.
I hope you hear that back home. Look at all that press, that's a lot of press. That's a lot of fake news, a lot of fake news. Well, I hope they hear so the chances are new one. Fill that seat, this is the chair. This can only happen to me. Fill that seat now. Now, it says the president is supposed to fill the seat, right?
It's not there. It's a shame. And I'm a big fan of electric cars. I think it's great, but it's got a market. But I also want gasoline-powered cars, and I want hybrids. I want everything. Hydrogen is maybe coming. We want everything. The real unemployment rate rose to 7.9% in August. Did you know that? 7.
When you look at Pennsylvania, you look at what's happening here, when you look at North Carolina where I just left, you look at Ohio, and you see what's happening -- you see what's happening with some of the jobs, the companies that are leaving our country and going to Mexico and other places. You see what's happening with Obama care
Why would anybody call them mastermind? You're building them up. You're building up the image, Robin Hood, you know, you're building up the image. And I'll tell you what, honestly, the press has pretty much stopped. It's been very interesting. The press is very stopped. How come you're aiming those cameras over there.
We're getting it from Venezuela, tar. [Audience boos]
Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton knows nothing about trade. She knows nothing about business except getting business and money into her own account using what she's got to get it in. Remember when she said she was poor, she had no money. She had tens of millions of dollars. She's a liar, wouldn't you think, right.
We knocked out some guy bah, bah, bah, like the biggest thing in the world. Now everyone else runs for cover. You don't want to talk about it. You want to knock out 100 of them before you start talking. You know, there's too much talk. There's no action. And you know just to finish, and I take heat, first of all, I'm much smarter than any of these talking heads.
And that's what they're doing. Right now, they're signing people up to vote. The people don't even know where they are, and they're getting them cards to vote. They're trying to register them to vote. And we're in courts all over the place, and we're going to get it stopped, and we're not going to let what they did four years ago happen again.
These people are -- they've gone crazy. Biden and his party of Liberal hypocrites want to lock law-abiding Americans in their homes, which is what they're doing and they want to keep them out of church. They really do. They're fighting God, they're fighting guns, and they're fighting oil. Think of it. [Audience Boos] I don't think they'll do too well in Texas.
That is absolutely incredible. I didn't know you're going to be doing that. That is good. So we're going -- we're going to straighten out the Vets. So Vets, don't worry we're coming, we're coming. We're going to straighten out a lot of things. We're going to straighten out -- we're going to get rid of Common Core.
Two days later, two days later, all they did is talk about how bad he was. They didn't talk about me. They didn't talk about me anymore. But no. It's a crooked system, but we're going to make it a very legitimate system again. We can do that, and I think we could do it pretty easily with people like you have over here.
So we really have, what? [Audience calls the movement] It is a movement, man. I like that guy. It is , I mean, it's a movement. We want to take our country back. So seven months of campaigning, Trump has already more Americans listening which is true to the Republican message in the entire gang of 22 could muster over decades and decades and decades.
You don't have to be corrected. You built this country. You built this country. But her record shows that she is one who needs to be corrected because she's the one -- and there's nobody better to do that than the people of Iowa just voting against her. [Audience cheers]
And again, remember the word determinative. If I lost by 10 and we found out that there were only two dead people, OK? But there weren't. There were thousands and thousands of dead people that voted in different states, thousands and thousands. Some even applied for an application to vote. Do you believe that?
And, you know, one of the -- one of the things that Bernie Sanders and I agreed on is trade. And trade is something that is so sad for this country -- what's happening -- how your jobs are being taken. The difference is, I can do something about it and make a bad deal into a great deal. All he knew is it was bad, and we want to do something about it. We just can't be a critic. [Applause]
Yeah.
But that's okay, people get it. We wanna support our police, protect our Second Amendment, they wanna take your Second Amendment away. Defend our borders, maintain energy independence and insure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase, that gorgeous phrase, Made in the U.S.A. We'll deliver record prosperity, epic growth, and a safe vaccine, it's quickly coming, that will help end -- by the way it's ending anyway, it's gonna end.
You know, I've been saying and I've been saying it strongly, they're going to take away -- they're going to hurt your Social Security so badly, and they're killing you on Medicare. Just remember that. I'm going to protect your Social Security. We're going to take care of your Social Security. Matt Rosendale is going to make sure we're not touching your Social Security and your Medicare is only going one way. That's stronger. They're going to end up taking it away from you, and you won't even know what happened.
This was - we have thousands and thousands. This was - we have thousands and thousands. This was only restricted by the size of the room, only restricted by the size of the room, only restricted by the size of the room. And we have thousands packed and the - and we have thousands packed and the - and we have thousands packed and the fire marshal, I love where's the fire fire marshal?
And we all say this in all sincerity, but the media's constant unfair coverage, deep hostility... and negative attacks -- you know that -- only serve to drive people apart and to undermine healthy debate. For example... we have seen an effort by the media in recent hours to use the sinister actions of one individual to score political points against me and the Republican Party.
You know, the Democrats have been running that whole thing for up to 100 years unbroken, and they come in, they say, We want your vote
He crippled American energy. He disgraced our nation with his humiliating surrender in Afghanistan. There's never been a lower point in the history of our country. There's never been a lower point in the history of our country: dead soldiers, left our people behind, $85 billion worth of equipment left behind.
They're moving, where are they moving? They're moving to Mexico. [Audience yells "Boo"] This won't happen if I'm elected President. Believe me. People are not going to be stealing our companies and we're not going to be losing our jobs. And if somebody like Ford or Carrier or all of these thousands of companies that are moving, if they think they're going to move, fire all of their employees so we get unemployment and we get no tax, they get to make product and brand new plants is another country, selling into our country again, and remember this, it will not be crossing a very, very strong border, OK? Very strong.
Thank you. Thank you, Deana.
It's unbelievable, it's unbelievable. This is why I see politicians, this is one of the many reasons why. The other reason is that the biggest lobbyist, the biggest donator by far are the drug companies. Very powerful, a lot of money. They are taking commercials of me, I don't care, I'm doing the right thing.
Former congressman and a man who's heading up New York for us, Lee Zeldin. He's fantastic, Lee Zeldin. South Dakota governor, Kristi Noem. Kristi. Thank you, Kirsti. Great. Thank you, darling. RNC Chairman Michael Whatley, he's doing a great job. Although, I'll tell you about that right after the fifth. I'll tell you about the sixth.
Now, in her case, she did a lot wrong, but she did it -- you know, she knew. Hillary Clinton knew what she was doing. She knew the system was rigged, as soon as she got caught because the e-mails came out -- and as soon as she got caught, Hillary Clinton said, You're fired. Get her out of here. Get her out of here."""ow
Essentially, she wants to abolish the Second Amendment. And you know, when you look at Paris where they had 130 people killed viciously, I was just boom, boom, boom. Hundreds of people went to the hospital. Many, many of those people are still there. They'll never be the same. Just destroyed. Right. Destroyed.
Reverend Falwell's life is a testament to the power of faith to change the world. The inspiring legacy that we see all around us in this great stadium  this is a beautiful stadium and it is packed. I'm so happy about that. I said, 'How are you going to fill up a place like that?' It is packed, Jerry. In this beautiful campus and in your smiling faces but it all began with a vision. That vision was of a world class university for evangelical Christians. And I want to thank you, because boy did you come out and vote, those of you that are old enough, in other words your parents. Boy oh boy, you voted, you voted.
But it's so bad for our country because they used to be like the police for honesty, and now, they have no credibility whatsoever. If debate can be silenced, if dissent can be suppressed, if conservative ideas can be systematically shut down, then very simply, we do not have a free country anymore. That's what happens.
And she died immediately. And her killer, I think you could really say the killer fled the scene. And Joe, we will end this invasion once and for all. And we're always going to remember the memory of Katie that beautiful, beautiful 20 year old daughter of yours. Where's Joe? Is he around here? Joe? Come here, Joe, come here.
Governor Henry McMaster is here. Henry, thank you. And our First Lady Peggy. Thank you, Peggy. Lieutenant Governor Pamela Evette is here. Thank you, Pamela. Great job. Great job. We have many members of Congress, Russell Fry, Nancy Mace, William Timmons, Joe Wilson, Mike Waltz, who you heard before. Horry County GOP Chairman Reese Boyd done a great job.
Your team is doing well. Green Bay. Green Bay. They like you, like your quarterback. I do, I like your quarterback, you know who I like? We like Brett Favre. Do you like you know that Brett Favre endorsed me last week, that we love Brett Favre for that great guy. I got to know him. He's a he's a tough cookie.
How many were there? Twenty-one, but there were like 33 phones and yet look what they do to General Flynn and some of these people that did nothing. They clean their criminals, yeah, that's criminal, it's criminal, they're criminals. They talk and talk and talk, they're criminals. They clean their phones, so you don't have any of the information, but that's a big, big problem for them, I would imagine.
I'd get him. I'd say, "LeBron, would you like to be a woman?" And I'd get a few other guys. I'd say, "Would you like to be a woman, anybody? I'm going to establish a team. We would go undefeated for many, many years." Can you imagine that? But the great silent majority is rising like never before. And under our leadership, the forgotten men and women will be forgotten no longer.
Thank you. Hello, everybody. Wow. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Wow. You know, we have 5,000 people outside can't get in, so it's crazy. So we put loudspeakers out there so they hear us. Would anybody like to give up their seat for somebody outside?
And we are getting other countries to pay up and pay their fair share for our military protection, including NATO, where I asked to recover billions and billions of dollars. In just two years, I've asked NATO, you've got to pay up. We're protecting -- you got to pay. They weren't paying. Close to $100 billion a year, we got it. That they pay.
Oh. Oh. That's amazing. See, the seniors always win. They always win. Under the Trump administration, we're going to build an economy that lifts up all Americans, including African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and also members of our great Asian American and Pacific Islander community, many of whom are here today, especially so many amazing Nevada Filipinos, right? I have to be honest.
And Billy Ray Cyrus. And Lee Greenwood, wow, has he been troubled? What a song and what a man. And you know, by the way, these microphones, you see the microphones? I said, what the hell are those microphones doing standing behind me? You're going to have a little special treat at the end of this speech.
If I ran one of those countries, Honduras, any of them -- even Mexico, to an extent, is doing it. And they shouldn't be doing it at all because they're getting rich off of us. They're getting rich. They shouldn't be doing it at all. They're going to stop immediately. But so many of these countries -- I would do it.
But I wouldn't even waste my time with this one. I would call up the head of Ford, who I know. If I was president, I'd say, "Congratulations. I understand that you're building a nice $2.5 billion car factory in Mexico and that you're going to take your cars and sell them to the United States zero tax, just flow them across the border."
Now it means that Justice Kavanaugh was going to be Justice Kavanaugh, right? We had all the votes, so we didn't need Joe's vote. And he pressed that button. I think it was about one-eighth of one second after we had the final vote from Susan Collins, who did us a good job, good job. She did a good job. Really did.
This was an update of the article that they originally printed. It says, "Oakland county GOP to honor Donald Trump, former president, to speak at upcoming Lincoln Day fundraising dinner." And it says down here, "The County Party gave Trump the Man of the Year award at the dinner, too. And he was honored as man of the year."
We're going to take care of our people and that includes building state-of-the-art systems of all kinds. When it comes to keeping America safe I believe in three very important words: Peace through strength. We don't want to use the military, but it's got to be there. And just in closing to be strong, our country has to be rich again.
We will totally eliminate the penalty on returning future earnings back to the United States. And we will impose a one-time low tax on money currently parked overseas so it can be brought back home to America where it belongs, and where it can do its job. [Applause]
And it was amazing to watch them flee the city. They fled. They fled the city very rapidly. From that moment on, you know, I brought out an old law that had been done in the early 1900s. And it said that if you touch a statute, you get a maximum fine of 10 years in jail, and you can't do anything about it. It's 10 years in jail, and that's it. So, I reinstated that law.
Do you know what gets crowds like this? Making America great again, that's what brings a crowd, the only thing that's going to get a crowd like this. And you know Sleepy Joe had a rally today, they had 12 people in those little circles. He's got those little crazy circles. That's the only thing good about his campaign, the guy that does the work.
It's America first. We're no longer gonna be the stupid people and we're not the stupid people, but we're led by the stupid people and that's going to end, folks. That's going to end.
They want to make a deal, but I told them, "You want to make a deal, but you're not ready yet, so we'll talk later." We have secured landmark protections for the medical innovations being produced right here in your great state. You have great medical in your state. And we've removed unfair trade barriers for our proud Minnesota farmers and our dairy producers like has never, ever been done before in our country.
He said, "You know, I had a bad night." No, he had a bad night, he had a bad everything. He had a very bad night. But it started, really, with the debate. It was all -- you know, the game was up. They say the jig was up. And it was, indeed, up. But it started with that, and then it only got worse. And we were leading him by 11, 12, 14, 15 points, and then he decides to get out because the bosses said, "We're not going to have you." He didn't want to get out, but they told him, "You're getting out." They said, "You're getting out.
How do we take it? No, no that's why? Yeah, that's why these rooms are all packed that's why we have thousands of people standing outside, that's why. You just -- you just -- you just can't take it anymore. You just can't it's so incompetent and we negotiate in good faith and they'll get 12 or 14 or 15 people and we'll give them billions of dollars more and shit have been part of the deal. She's been part of the deal for nothing, zero, should have been part of the deal.
How about the lottery system? How about lotteries? This was Chuck Schumer. You put the name in a basket. The country puts the name in the basket, and you pick people out of the lottery. Well, let's see this one's a murderer. This one robbed four banks. This one I'd better not say. This one, another murderer. Ladies and gentlemen, another murderer.
Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody, and thank you, Angela, for that introduction. I am truly honored to be invited here tonight as the first president in American history to address the Libertarian National Convention, a great honor. A lot of people ask why I came to speak at this libertarian convention.
The public school system has become an arm of the radical left, and we are not going to allow this to happen. We're not going to. We stopped it. You know, we stopped it. Through executive order, we stopped it. And many of those executive orders have been ended. At long last, every parent in America must be empowered to opt out of this indoctrination and send their child to the public, private, charter, religious, or home school of their choice, choice, choice.
But, if we are going to bring hope back to our communities, we not only have to solve our drug crisis but our economic crisis. The wealth has been raided from our country, leaving behind dilapidated communities, rusted out factories, and shattered dreams.
This is a movement. This isn't just -- I love what we're doing together, right? I love -- I love what we're doing together. I love it. And what really -- what I have to say is this, so Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. She shouldn't have picked, this guy. Big mistake. Because he is the exact opposite what all of the Bernie people want.
The voters in the Republican Party this year defied the donors, the consultants, the power brokers and chose a nominee from outside our failed and corrupt, broken system. The nominee is me. [Applause]
My budget also puts America first by keeping tax dollars in America to help veterans and first responders. So important. This budget follows through on my promise to focus on keeping Americans safe, keeping out terrorists, keeping out criminals, and putting violent offenders behind bars, or removing them from our country altogether. And I must say that we've been treated very well -- very, very well -- on the job that General Kelly has done at the border. It's tough, it's strong.
I just wonder what would those ratings be on the debates if I wasn't there. I will tell you but it would not be a pretty picture. So the last cycle, I think they had about 3 million or 3.5 million, and we had almost 16 million people. So it's an amazing thing that's happening. We have got a different Republican Party.
[inaudible]
we're dealing with a very dishonest human being you know remember the word
Is that right? That's right. Mike says it's right, and I agree because they don't know what's going on. They don't know the numbers. You know, it's a fake rigged system what we have going. Whatever you do, get your friends, get your family, and get out and vote. And if you care about election integrity, volunteer as an election worker, poll watcher, or poll challenger.
Because you know what, we're bringing oil from Canada, right? I may say I want 10%. We'll be going to approve it. But I want 10%, 15% because the truth is that the Keystone Pipeline was better a while ago than it is now because we have so much, because of new technology, we have so much energy underneath our own feet.
We will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the communist Marxists and fascists. We will throw off the sick political class that hates our country and they do hate our country. We will route the fake news media and we will evict crooked Joe Biden from the White House on election night 2024. The great silent majority is rising like never before.
Thank you. Don. A man who is really special, very important, I think the most important man in the room for what we're doing, RNC Chairman Michael Whatley. He's doing a great job. Michigan GOP chair, I wanted him from day one. I said, Pete, you got to do it. You got to do it. He was a great and successful politician.
I'll never forget it. Tremendous talent. I sat next to one very young person at the time -- this -- that's what he loved. That's what he wanted to do. Had no interest in what we were doing. It just -- none. And I had no interest in what he was doing, you want to know the truth. But he was unbelievable; he could fix anything.
I truly believe that many Democrats want to support our plan, and with enough encouragement from the American people, they will find the courage to do what is right for our great country. [Applause] But they'll only do it if you, the American people, make your voices heard. Only if you tell Congress to give us a tax code that puts American jobs first. And that's what we're doing. [Applause]
One of the things I'm very proud of, and all of the congressmen here know this very well -- and then ultimately, we got approval from Rob in the Senate -- is to give critically ill patients access to life-saving treatments, we passed Right-to-Try, Right-to-Try. I love that name, Right-to-Try.
They were celebrating the deal before we even signed it. They were saying what a great deal it is before we even signed it. Everybody was saying what a great negotiator the guy on the other side of the table. And he is. You know, the Persians are great negotiators. But they're all saying what a great negotiator.
I said it the other day, yes, she is a low IQ individual, Maxine Waters. I said it the other day. High -- I mean, honestly, she's somewhere in the mid-60s, I believe that.
And she came up and I said how are you doing? Oh, sir, I'm not doing well. The government is horrible on tips. I said really. How do they tax -- they tax tips. They tax us and they go after us. I've never seen anything like it. It's made my life miserable. Sir, there should be no tax on tips. She said to me, no tax on tips.
On terrorist-occupied countries that we went through the entire system to defend and won in the Supreme Court of the United States, this travel ban went on for two years of litigation, and I ended up winning in the Supreme Court of the United States. It was very tough, because all it says is people that want to blow up our stores and blow up our streets in our cities, people that want to hurt people, people that don't love our country.
We don't need to give hundreds of billions of dollars away -- we have no idea who's getting this money -- giving it to the United Nations. You know what that's called? Giving it to an open pit. You know how political the United -- can you imagine, as these guys are doling out that money, no, no, we're going to keep our money here and we're going to take care of our infrastructure, and we're going to take care of our environment, and we're going to lower taxes. [Applause]
Thank you, John. He's a tremendous man. Senator Bill Cassidy. Dr. Bill. Dr. Bill. Nobody knows more about healthcare and medicine. Whenever I have a question -- I'm sorry, John -- we call that man. You do and I do. Because there's nobody like Bill for that. And we're working on some great things.
And I think one of the reasons that people are showing up for me and the poll numbers are all showing up for me, it's not that I can't be -- I went to a great school, Ivy League school, all of that stuff, did well, smart guy. I even had an uncle, you know, if you believe in genes, some do, some don't. But I had an uncle who was a professor at MIT for decades, brilliant guy, Dr. John Trump.
That's not a good sign. And very shortly we go out to Nevada. We're beating her by about 90 points. So, we're beating everybody and we're beating much of -- Maybe more importantly, although we have to get there, but more importantly, we're beating Crooked Joe Biden in every poll. We're beating him by 11 points in Michigan.
Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it to yourselves. [Audience chants "Four more years"] Our country has such potential. You can't do that to our country.
Thank you very much, Jim. Cindy Hyde-Smith. Cindy, thank you, hun. Very good, good job. People are going to be happy. And all friends of mine, Mike Lee. Mike, thank you very much. We have a lot of people from Congress, Congressmen and women, representatives, Morgan Griffith. Morgan, thank you. Thank you very much.
This man over here."
Repeal and replace Obamacare. Bill Clinton in a rare moment of truth telling said last week, Obamacare was a crazy system. Where people lined up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half. What kind of a system is this? Oh did he suffer that evening. He went home, aye, aye, poor Bill. He suffered.
And China, with Taiwan, is next. We are a nation that allows radical left terrorists to violently attack our cities, leaving behind massive destruction and death. And nothing happens to the criminals that do these terrible things. There is no punishment. But when people who love our country protest on January 6th in Washington, they become hostages, unfairly imprisoned for long periods of time.
Crooked Hillary Clinton bleached and deleted 33,000 e-mails after a congressional subpoena, lied to Congress under oath and then made 13 iPhones disappear, some with a hammer. Unbelievable.
We've got 2,000 people outside trying to get in. This place is incredible. So you know, honestly, there is a spirit that we all have that nobody has, that nobody has. When I say Make America Great Again, we want something to happen. We're tired of being -- we don't want anymore. We're tired of it. We want to win.
But we have the strongest military anywhere in the world by far. We're investing $1 trillion in the United States armed forces this year. It's the biggest amount we've ever invested. And the spirit of service members is soaring like never before. We used to have recruiting shortages. A year ago, you remember, you couldn't get people to join our military all around the world.
Under my administration, we kept another important promise when we put a great new justice on the United States Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch. [Applause] And next week, after the promises of many administrations and presidents and they never did it -- they campaigned, they promised, they never did it -- next week we will finally open the American Embassy in Jerusalem. [Applause] And I put one of my friends as the ambassador to Israel, David Friedman. Good choice is right.
I actually had something, I had jury-duty, do you believe it all of a sudden they give me for jury-duty and I -- it said occupation, and I guess I'm supposed to say politician, but I put down real estate, I can't do the politician. But politicians are all-talk they're, no-action. They go to Washington, they tell you they're going to do all these things and they never get done. And then you have some people you think, oh, these are my people, these are great, this guy or this woman is gonna be fantastic.
Everyone here today and every conservative all across our land needs to decide right now that together we will save this country. We must decide that we will not stop. We will not rest until our American heritage of freedom, liberty and justice is once again safe and once again secure. We owe our country nothing less than that.
They are trying to take away our history. And our weak leaders, they do it overnight. These things have been there for 150 years, for 100 years.
That's -- anybody says that I was born to do this, ay, yay, yay, he is a sick person. What a sick puppy that is, but he was put in charge by Biden to take your guns away. I don't think he's going to do too well in Carson City. Beto's coming to kick a gun. I don't want to start anything. I want you to obey the law because I have to, you know.
The impeachments are fake. The court cases are a disgrace to our country. Everything is fake. So they come up with this order. I won't say it because I don't like using the word bullshit in front of these beautiful children, so I won't say it. I will not say it. But this thing allows millions of people. This allows millions of people into our country.
When I was growing up in Queens, we had vocational schools that were great. We don't have schools like that so much anymore, but we're bringing them back -- vocational schools. These are very talented people that love that type of work, and it's great work. It really is great work. So vocational schools are going to be a big factor in the Trump administration.
My poll numbers -- you saw -- with African-America went up, up, up, up, because they started saying, "He's right. He's right." Hey, so much for so-called handlers, folks, right? My handlers said, "Sir we don't like that," and I said, "You know what? People like it," and a lot of people have come up to me and they said, "Thank you for saying that," because it -- it made a lot of people think.
I thought I did quite well, standing ovations, at least from the Republicans, I got to say, but a standing ovation. But I said we'll never be a socialist country, and I was right because they skipped socialism. They went right down to communism. They went right down. They skipped it. So, I was right.
That's why when you look at the phony numbers, we have 100 million people in our workforce that aren't working. Our real unemployment rate is probably 30%. It's not 5.3% that was done for politicians so they look good. It's not 5.3%. How can you have 5.3% when you have 100 million people. You look for a job, If that young guy that handsome young guy with the red hair right there, if he comes out and looks for a job, that's right, I'm talking about you.
The great silent majority is rising like never before, and under our leadership, the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer. With your help, your love, and your vote, we will put America first, and we will make America great again, greater than ever before. Thank you very much. Thank you, Iowa.
So we've all come a long way together. We've all come and you know we have a lot of bad people out there they want to stop progress and you see it all the time. And I use the statement, the silent majority, the silent majority is back folks. The silent majority is back. The silent majority is back. So over the last period of time.
And he was trying to explain to her and she was trying to say well, you know I really wanna keep -- she didn't know, she was groveling. She was groveling, she didn't know what to say. I don't think he was going to be easily convinced, do we agree? Because she said it just like she said and you know she said it was a mistake that she's going to raise taxes in the middle class, you saw that one? Now, maybe she misspoke.
And I told you about that, and you know what, it's so important to me, so important to me, so important. We have tanks, we have ships, we have everything, so important. And at my direction at the Pentagon is working right now, as we speak, to create a sixth branch of the United States, Armed Forces called the Space Force, right?
They're environmentally protected. We have sites that are phenomenal, everything you want in terms of rare earth, and we can't use them because of environmental protection. But we're going to end that very quickly as soon as I get to office. We will make housing much more affordable. As inflation is tamed, interest rates will dramatically fall.
Share of cars sold that were domestically produced increased from the first -- for the first time in many years, it actually because it was going down, down, down. And since I left, wait till you hear those numbers. The US trade deficit in automobiles dropped by $6.8 billion. Think of that. And I had to do it on the fly.
There was grass growing on the runways -- grass, through the crevices on the runway. It was terrible and now it's the most vital space program anywhere in the world. Not only the jobs, but the importance of it and the psychology of it, and by the way, for military defense. And we created Space Force. Think of that, we created another one of many, many things.
Should have taken the soldiers out last. That's where you'd want to be. They took the soldiers out first, and they had a field day at our expense and our reputation. We will never forget those brave warriors who made the supreme sacrifice for our country. They will live in our hearts forever. And to all the Gold Star families, our gratitude is everlasting, will be everlasting always.
Go ahead, Sy. I know you, Sy. Go ahead.
Because most of the bill is common sense. It's tax cuts. It's border wall funding. It's military funding properly spent. It's all things that are like common sense. They're all good. There's nothing tricky about it. It's basic stuff. And we don't intend on getting one. Think of it, not one Democrat vote in the House.
We will shut down Biden's border disaster, reinstitute our strong remain in Mexico policy. We will reimpose Title 42, which I understand they're ending. You want to see people come into our country? Knock out Title 42. Strengthen the patriots of ICE and border patrol. And we will, again, end catch and release.
But we are not going to let this continue. Two years ago, we had the greatest military, we had the greatest economy, we had the greatest feeling of any nation ever before in world history. We were a great nation. We were respected by everybody, and soon, we will be again. [Audience cheers]
Where the authority of our great police has been taken, where their families and pensions have been threatened and their lives would be destroyed for the mere mention of the words law enforcement. We are a nation where fentanyl and all other forms of illegal drugs are easier to get than groceries to feed our beautiful families and babies.
Uh-huh. Two minutes later -- "Mr. President..." [Laughter] That's called respect for the office, right? Maybe that's a good thing, right? Many -- many of my friends. And that wasn't in the script either, Mark. [Laughter] But we're renegotiating, right now, horrible trade deals that we're cracking down -- and we are really doing a number -- cracking down on countries that cheat, and standing up for the American worker for the first time in many, many decades.
They're making so much money, and they're fighting, and they're killing a lot of people. You look at what's going on, and it would've never happened. Zero chance. And I told Putin -- I spoke to him. It was the apple of his eye. There's no question about it. But I said, "Vladimir, if you do that, it's going to be rough." I won't tell you exactly the conversation, but he said, "No way." I said, "Way.
One the worst trade deals ever made in history which we're replacing. And China's entrance into the World Trade Organization, probably the worst trade deal ever made. Now, we are replacing NAFTA with the brand new U.S., Mexico, Canada agreement. And the USMC will be a massive victory for farmers and ranchers and growers and workers all across the state.
Oh and I think, he's like pretty light on oil production too. But a man, and John, I have no idea who you're running against but nobody's going to be able to beat John Cornyn, who's, a good man, a good man. Thank you, John, and we have a lot of Congresspeople here. We have a woman, who's fantastic, who's been a fan of ours right from the beginning, Kay Granger.
He tells the whole story. You got to read it. As he put it. We know as fact the Steele dossier was the sole evidence just to justify spying on the Trump campaign. They spy. Think of it. They spied on my campaign and nothing will happen to them. Think of it. How can you imagine if I spied on Biden's campaign or Obama's campaign?
But, you know, they say you're down. And if you're down enough, think of it. Why don't they do four or five? Because people will vote for that, but they won't vote at 19. For that, even if they love you, they'll stay home because they said, "We don't want it, and it's too cold out." That's why I hear your night's going to be pretty cold next week, and nine days, eight days.
And you know what? If they misbehave, if they do something bad, it's called a 30-day notice of cancellation. And you know what? During that 30 days they will come back and we will make a better deal. A Trump administration will stop the Transpacific Partnership. Hillary Clinton called the TPP the gold standard, and would approve 100 percent of it. Now during the debate she said she never called that the gold standard, right? But she lied, she lied. And during the debate, when I said line in the sand, right, the red line that our great president said, draw the line in the sand, right? Well, she said she wasn't secretary of State. She lied, she was, she was.
I've spent less money than anybody else practically, essentially, almost no ads until recently. And I -- you know and the only reason recently, I really didn't do anything but I feel guilty, I do. When you see a schlub like Bush spending $100 million, $100 million, and then he brings his mother, who is a very nice woman by the way, but he brings his mother out and I say Jeb Your mother's not going to help you negotiate with China.
Actually Ted just came out a couple of days ago. My wife was watching, she said, darling, he just said he wants to build a wall. He never said that. I never heard him say it. Maybe he did. Did he ever say that? All of a sudden these politicians are coming out. We will build a wall. Number one, they wouldn't know where to start.
He didn't have to get all of it, if he got just a few more votes, he would've won everything. I mean literally, really. But it would have gotten almost all of them. He said, "Oh. Okay. Explain how does that work?" I said, "Forget it Joe." He wanted to know how that worked. The radical Biden Harris agenda si projected to slash the typical American's income, and you saw this in the Wall Street Journal, income by $6,500 a year over a short period of time. [Audience Boos] And also, it will destroy at least five million jobs. [Audience Boos] Joe Biden is promising the largest tax hike in American history.
We do not. And we're doing it because we want to start peace. We're not going to start wars, but the wars have to be finished oftentimes before the peace. And if you don't do the wars, the peace doesn't happen. And if you're not going to be tough and ruthless like they are, it's not going to happen. We have to stop it. We have to end it once and for all.
Hillary also strongly supports sanctuary cities like [Inaudible] they come back, five years. They come back again, 10 years. Believe me, nobody's coming back. OK? [Applause]
That is why, tonight, I am asking the Congress to pass legislation to help ensure American foreign-assistance dollars always serve American interests, and only go to friends of America, not enemies of America. [Applause]
And Mexico you know that will work with us. I really believe it. Mexico will work with us. I absolutely believe it. And especially, after meeting with their wonderful, wonderful President today, I really believe they want to solve this problem along with us, and I'm sure they will. Number two, we are going to end catch-and-release.
We are a nation where fentanyl and all other forms of illegal drugs are easier to get than groceries to feed our beautiful families. We have become a drug-infested, crime-ridden nation, which is incapable of solving even the simplest of problems. We will institute the powerful death penalty for drug dealers, where each dealer is responsible for the death during their lives of 500 people.
I was so angry. But we had 55,000 people show up. I said, "You're going to win the election." He won the election. He won it fairly easily, against their star. And now David Perdue is going to win for senator in 2020. And then -- and then we had Florida, and many others. And we have a candidate, Ron DeSantis -- a friend.
They took care of business. And Kamala wants to defund ICE. Think of that. She wants to defund. She said, "Oh --" [Audience boos] She said they're not nice people. They better not be nice people. They're nice people. They're going to have a lot of problems with living. But they are tough as hell. But they love our country equally as much.
And by the way, he's the one that's keeping your damn windmills off your coast more than I think anybody. Jeff, come on up here. Come. Come on up here. Come on up, Jeff Van Drew. He's a great gentleman and a great -- really, he's somebody that loves this state a lot. Say a few words, Jeff. Come on. Don't fall.
And economically, we're gonna have the strongest country anywhere in the world. And uh, the bill that we just got approved today was, uh, think of that, all of those votes, two negative votes, but we had no Democrats, two negative votes in the Republicans out of all that. So I want to thank those great Republicans that, uh, voted to get it in. You know, we can only lose three if we lost three.
By the way, folks, we're sending billions and billions of dollars, we're making our companies non-competitive, other companies are -- throughout the world are killing us, and other countries don't adhere to whatever they're supposed to do. But we're sending all of this money. Here's what we want. We want crystal clean water. [Applause]
I don't think so. I don't think so. We have just introduced new affordable healthcare plans that are really incredible, lower priced than this horrible Obamacare, which we really have decimated and kept your premiums down by doing it, and we got rid of the individual mandate that costs nearly 60 percent.
One contiguous pour, because that's the only way to do it. One contiguous pour. We laid the rebar and we had these trucks, they poured for 24 hours straight. It's a big surface. Massive surface, actually. And it was like perfect we laser finished it. And then we let it heal and we poured water over it. Two inches.
But Bobby said and it was so incredible. Bobby Knight said to the people at one of the speeches because he went around with me the day. He said, it will be so great because Donald Trump is going to be a great president, and I appreciated him saying. And the people of Indiana if they vote for him, they're going to put him over the top and we can focus on Hillary Clinton.
You will see companies expand, companies come back into our country. Companies not leave our country anymore because taxes and regulations are so onerous. You will see what happens. Let me also be clear in saying that we are going to save Americans health care and repeal and replace that disaster known as Obamacare, which is dying, dying, dying. [Applause] Obamacare is dead anyway. You know they always like to compare -- Obamacare is dead. It is gone.
And I never used to say that until I got indicted. Then I said, OK, now I can say it like it is. They said, oh, we'll never indict a popular American president. Don't forget, I got more votes. We got more votes. All of us together than any president. Think of it, than any president, sitting president in the history of our country got more votes than any by far by a lot.
We're going to keep Chinese cars the hell out of America. We don't want them. We don't want Chinese cars. Joe Biden wants to take your gasoline-powered cars and trucks. All about within six years, he wants to make them electric. It doesn't work. If you want an electric car, I think it's great. I'm all for it. But if you want a gasoline combustion, if you want to have a hybrid, whatever the hell you want, you should be able to get.
I got them from the administration, from the labor bureau. And these are the stats that were just let out. In fact, officially, I mean, they just came out. They were released in -- yeah, officially released. Those are official numbers, has nothing to do with me. I just happened to be playing the role of a reporter for a change.
So, I want to say congratulations, America, it's about time. If we had not won the 2024 election, oh, does that sound good, right? We won the 2024 -- all that work. The radical left Democrats would right now be importing the next 10 million invaders in giving amnesty to 30 or 40 million illegals, many of them criminals, many of them frankly murderers and people of crime at the absolute highest level.
It's a big mistake. You're going to destabilize the Middle East. But I also said don't go out the way. We went out. We just went out.
Some of the pundits are saying the most phenomenal thing they've ever seen in government. Newt Gingrich said the other night, there's never been anything like this, and he's a historian, a great historian. There's never been anything like this in the history of our country. We go like this crowd, we have great crowds, right?
Have a good time. I should keep her up here the whole time, right? Because having that endorsement is very meaningful to me and to everybody. It's a very respected -- that's a very respected person. But I also thank you very much. Thank you very much, sir. I appreciate it. I also want to thank -- we have some great friends here.
Yet virtually every single Democrat in the Senate opposed Neil Gorsuch, just like they have consistently opposed judges who will protect your basic freedoms. And, by the way, the way they're slow-walking people that are supposed to be working for us in government... (BOOING)
'-- this is a sick, sick deal.
But he really hit me on the whole thing with we have to stop the Muslims until we find out what's going on. Does that make sense, by the way? And he talked about that's an experience. You know, in other words, he has experience. But that's the statement of an inexperienced man. The same man I met about we have to stop people that want to kill us from coming in. Does that sound like an experience?
You know Pat Buchanan. Look at that. Good guy. Wow. Young people, they know him. He did well in New Hampshire. He came in, I believe, second place to Bush. He came in second place, and that gave him a massive career. I mean, it was an amazing life he had, and he's an older guy now. But that gave him like an amazing political career.
So, we defend them, and they -- and I said, "You know, Angela --" I met with Angela Merkel. I said, "Angela, this doesn't make sense. We're defending you from Russia, but you're paying Russia billions of dollars a month. Somehow, that's not working for me, Angela." And I terminated their pipeline right in the middle of that construction.
I said what does it say? 10 years in prison, not jail, they used the word prison. I said for what? You knock down a monument or a statue, you go to jail for 10 years. I said give me that thing, get it to my office immediately. And I signed it and they were coming down to Washington and they were going to knock down two particular statues that were really beautiful.
He always talks about polls, opponents. He always talks about polls, opponents. He always talks about polls. You know why? Because I'm winning all of you know why? Because I'm winning all of you know why? Because I'm winning all of them. If I were them. Honestly, if you them, if I were them honestly if you them, if I were them honestly, if you think about it, one of the major main think about it.
We had it going so good. On day 1, I will close the border. I will stop the invasion of illegals into our country, and we will begin the largest deportation operation in the history of the United States. We have no choice. [Applause] The illegal migrants coming into our country are taking the jobs of American citizens.
Nothing will stop the U.S. Air Force. And with your help, nothing ever, ever will stop the United States of America. So I want to conclude by giving a very special congratulations to a very special group of amazing cadets and people. It's the Class of 2019. [Audience shouts 'Strong']
Every single race, religion, color, and creed, we're going to take care of it all. Together, we will deliver low taxes, low regulations, low energy costs, low interest rates, and low inflation so that everyone can afford groceries, a car, and a home. It's the American dream. We're bringing back the American dream.
They love our country. And it's happening in New York. It's all -- they're all taking their orders from the Democrats in Washington. But it's happening in New York and beyond. Now, the radical Democrats have yet another witch hunt no different than Russia, Russia, Russia, the unselect committee of political hacks.
So we're going to create jobs. I always say I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. That's what I do have thousands of jobs. So we're going to create jobs. So important, but you know what's happened? Students are going out. I've been watching this process and I'm not even blaming the God, sort of natural.
We had an obsolete, exhausted, tired military. We have totally rebuilt our military. And we will ensure peace through strength. Greatest equipment in the world. All made in the USA. And a lot of it, I hate to say, it's made right here in Georgia. We will end surprise medical billing. Require price transparency, already approved and signed.
The Mayor, she doesn't run anything and they -- these incredible people from all over the country, all over the world that were there last night, they walked out to a bunch of thugs and that wasn't -- remember this, that wasn't friendly protesters. They were thugs, they were thugs, and the D -- the D.C. police are good, but the Mayor gave bad instructions last night.
Because they know that our allegiance is not to them. Our allegiance is not to them. Our allegiance is to our country, and our allegiance is to our creator. And we do not answer to the bureaucrats in Washington. We answer to God in heaven. You're not even allowed to say that anymore. Today, if you say that, they'd want to arrest you.
All over the place. The Bank of America building a big chunk in San Francisco, one of the great buildings of the world. Many, many things. Land all over the place on the Potomac River, on the Pacific Ocean. Very little debt, tremendous cash flow. They said, oh, they were devastated. They were devastated.
It's common sense. You know, we're the party of common sense, OK? We're conservative, all that stuff, who cares. We are the party of common sense. We will build new power plants. But think of this, the electric. So, if you took all of the electric that we have right now in our country, you need that more than doubled to be able to compete with China.
And it's true, it's true. I'm being indicted for you. I'm being indicted for you. Never forget, our enemies want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom. I'm not going to let it happen. They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you. And in the end, they're not after me. They're after you, and I just happen to be standing in their way.
And together, with the great and proud people of Wisconsin, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you, Wisconsin. Thank you.
Look at him, got that good Irish, Scottish, whatever hair. Look at that guy. Stand up, just stand up. Come here. I'm proud of him. [Audience responds affirmatively] I wouldn't have done what he did. I know what he did -- what he did. I always say there are two awards. There's Medal of Honor and, oftentimes, is posthumously where, you know, they're not there.
It'll totally change our country, in my opinion. That's how bad it would be. Upon taking office, I will terminate every open-border policy that Biden and the Biden administration put on and begin the largest deportation operation in American history. To stop the deadly drugs that are poisoning and pouring into our country, poisoning our people, I will deploy the U.S. Navy.
But many times people say, deals that the country makes, right? Deals with -- and they'll say, how can our politicians be so stupid? They're not stupid. They've been hit by the lobbyists and the special interests and they make a fortune, OK? They get tremendous campaign contributions. They're not stupid.
Yeah, they couldn't stand it. But everybody knows that that show was a monster, 28 million people. She doubled and tripled, and they took heat. If they had 3 million, they'd be happy, if it was the right person. But you are the right person. You're fantastic. That was a great, great show, and we appreciate it. Thank you, Roseanne.
So we have to do something. Now, we can be weak. We can be ineffective. We can be foolish. It's all right. It's all right. I'm sure he's a nice person. I'm sure he can be reasoned with. Be very gentle. You know, whenever I'm tough, the press is, oh, he was nasty. Whenever I say be very gentle, they say, nah, he's not as strong as we thought he was.
Audience BoosNot not a drop of blood. And we don't have to defend the borders between Turkey and Syria. They've been fighting for a thousand years, but what we do is we did keep the oil if you don't mind. We kept the oil. We kept the oil. And we'll distribute that oil, we'll help out the Kurds, and we'll help out other people, we'll also help out ourselves if that's OK. Past leaders, foolish military adventures turned faraway nations into very, very dangerous war zones.
How did that happen? So you have the Mayor of Moscow, got a wife, gave Hunter $3.5 million bucks. I wonder what he did for that money, huh? The fake news they refused to talk about it. They don't want to hear about it. [Audience Boos] Biden's a servant of the radical globalists, the wealthy donors, the big money special interest who shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, and you know it because you really suffered right this area.
So we don't fully pay, we're going to do a little work, but we're going to get our military rebuilt, bigger and better and stronger than ever because we have no choice, folks. Some bad players out there. It's going to go quickly. [Applause]
And your wife looks at you and said, "Darling, I love that guy, but he's not going to win, he doesn't have a chance because the polls, he's down 10., he's down 20, down 50 points, Darling. He can't possibly win. Let's go have dinner and then we'll come home and watch his concession speech." But my people didn't buy that because my people went out to vote.
We want them to come in based on skill and based on merit so they can love our country, they can help our country, they can do things for our country, not come in based on some random lottery system. Aand that will happen. It's all happening.
Lara Trump and my son, Eric Trump, two great people. I mean, I have to say that about my son, but I know a lot of people don't like their sons that much but Laura has been fantastic, and thank you very much, what a job. She knows the state better than anybody in this room, except maybe this guy right here.
And I borrowed $1 million and I built it into a company that's worth more than $10 billion with the greatest assets, with the greatest assets, some of the greatest assets in the world. Great cash flow, very little debt. And I say it not to brag at all. I say it because that's the kind of thinking we need in this country, at least for a while, until we straighten it out.
Obama-Clinton have been silent about Islamic terrorism for many years. That's not lessened the recruiting, but it's increased it. That's what's really happened. It's increased -- its -- weakness invites aggression. We are weak. Weakness invites aggression, and silence in the face of a brutal enemy -- and they have become brutal because we've allowed them to become brutal -- it allows it to spread, and that's what's happening all over the world.
When a senator, who I like, and there are a number of them or when a congressperson who I like comes into the White House Oval Office, they want to see me, "Sir, we'd really like you to stop treating these countries so bad." I said, "We have a tremendous massive deficit. We're losing a lot of money." "It doesn't matter, Sir. We believe in free trade." I said, "OK, let me ask you a question. They're charging us a 50 percent tariff. We're charging them a 20 percent tariff. Do you think that's OK?" "No, Sir, it's really not. We want free trade." I said, "What's free when they charge us so we can't charge them." What is going on here? What's going on here? It's unbelievable, you know, it's unbelievable.
This Tuesday is your chance to stand up and declare you are not going to take it anymore. [Applause] Six days from now, we can turn the page forever on this failed and corrupt administration. It's a corrupt administration. You do know that. We can declare once and for all that we are done with their hatred.
Meaning, high taxes, Think of it. High taxes. ISIS all over the place.
Through eight long years, through the brutal winter at Valley Forge, through setback after setback on the field of battle, he led those patriots to ultimate triumph. When the Army had dwindled to a few thousand men at Christmas of 1776, when defeat seemed absolutely certain, he took what remained of his forces on a daring nighttime crossing of the Delaware River.
Fifty trillion dollars to the world. You know, the world -- many places were much harder hit than we were and just -- nobody knew. This was like the hidden enemy. You couldn't find it. I said, "It comes from the lab in Wuhan. They said, "No. It comes from" -- first, they tried to blame France, then they tried to blame Italy.
Arizona GOP Chair, who I've liked right from the beginning, Kelli Ward. Kelli. Now if we lose, I won't like her anymore and I'm going to say, "You're fired Kelli." I'm sorry. But I hear we're doing well, Kelli, right? Really well. Yeah. You have no idea. When you watch this stuff on the fake news you watch it, you say, "Oh, man." But the real numbers are, we're substantially up.
And you are my friend. Rob Portman. Thanks, Rob. Pat Roberts. A man from Kansas, who is going to be leaving us. I cannot believe that you're not running again. You have at least -- at least another 12 good, solid years in the Senate if you wanted them. You have to do it. You're sure, right?
There's nobody with the talent that we have. It's incredible. They got him, and he knew it. He knew it. He knew it. As soon as he heard that first little explosion -- that took them about three seconds -- that blew the hell out of the wall. I said, "Why don't they go through the front door?" He said, "Sir, you go through the front door, you got a lot of bullets coming at you." They went through a solid concrete wall.
You don't have to waste any time with them. You don't have to beg them, come on, you can do it. Come on, let's have lunch, let's have dinner and then you have other guys they want you to suffer. I mean, some of these people that I just mentioned whose names I just mentioned, you got to go through hell. And the ones that are really good and they love the country and they're doing right, I mean, what's the alternative.
You know, there were stories, will he -- cause we're doing great in the state, we're doing great. And you know, your Second Amendment -- you like the Second Amendment. It's under siege, but with Cory and with me, they're not going to play with your second amendment, not going to happen, but it's -- it is under siege.
Two and a half -- two and a half days ago, a lot of these people. So you can understand it's pretty tough. Thank you. That's OK. These are great people. He's a great people that love our country. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, pretty good, pretty good. So while politicians shift away our jobs, shed our sovereignty, surrendered our dignity and saddled our nation in one foreign debacle after another, and we're still here.
I didn't need to do this, folks. I'm spending a lot of money. I'm not having those big checks written like you know who is getting. Spent a lot of money. But you know what? In the end it's going to be so worth it because we're going to make America great again. We're making America great again. Hillary Clinton's campaign is funded by Wall Street and hedge fund managers.
We're not interested." And even if they were qualified, and if you thought they were reformed, they couldn't get work. My administration is working vigorously to remove barriers to re-entry and to encourage second-chance hiring. And we're really doing a great job. When we say "Hire American," we mean all Americans.
I'm going to tell Charlie Kirk. I'm going to say, "Charlie, next year, I want to have your wonderful summit in Venezuela." And he'll say, "Why?" I'll say, "Because there's no crime in Venezuela. They put all their criminals into the United States." So, I want to go to Venezuela where it's safe. Can you believe it? You know that Caracas, Venezuela was one of the most crime-ridden cities in the world.
So, they'll say, oh, it's terrible. What he says about the people of our nation. Maybe some of them aren't even from our nation. The left is trying to do everything they can to stop us, every hour of every day, including even violence and mayhem. They'll do anything they can to stop us. Look, what happened tonight, look at what happened tonight.
They've gone into business and they're solid and, you know, they haven't been in trouble, and all of this. And more than any other question I get from people is How did you raise your kids?" Because And the other important element was I would from the time they're two years old say No drugs But I would constantly, because I've seen so many children grow up and they get under the influence of drugs or alcohol, and their parents are brilliant people, they're successful people, the kid is brilliant, they have no chance, they have no chance. Once they're under the influence of drugs or the alcohol, life is too tough. They're not gonna make it.
Any time you say -- you know, I saw one of them said "15 anonymous sources" -- I don't have 15 people in the White -- I mean, forget it. [Laughter]
Now, some people were angry beyond belief. Some people started to cry. Some people just left. They said this is the system. It's a corrupt system. We're like a third-world country. And we're going to stop it. And Kristina and Matt are going to lead that effort. So, thank you. Great job. And your parents are beautiful.
If you're watching at home and you haven't voted, go vote. Go get out there. A lot of television back -- that's a lot of television fake news. Go vote and make sure you vote yes on ballot questions one and two. Do you know what that is? That's ban Zuckerbucks. Ban Zuckerbucks. They put up money.
They would call for my immediate withdrawal. You don't even hear about it from her. You don't even hear about it.
You saw Apple just brought $350 billion in; Exxon brought $50 billion in. [Applause] So we're going to be fighting.
And he's doing a great job. Virginia GOP chair, Rich Anderson, he says we're going to win. Rich, thank you. We're going to win, right. We got to win. Oh, by the way, we win Virginia, the race is over. You understand that? [Audience responds affirmatively]
You don't have to worry about it anymore. Nobody talks about this, but there's no more estate tax on those small farms and businesses, and it's a great thing. So you keep the farm in the family. Congratulations, everybody. You're very rich. You just became very rich.
Now it's 1 in 36. There's something wrong. Something's wrong, and Bobby is going to find it, working with Doctor Oz, by the way, working with Doctor Oz. Together, we've achieved more in four weeks than most administrations achieve in four years. We made a lot of progress. I heard O'Reilly last night say, Donald Trump for the first four weeks is the greatest president ever in the history of our country.
Doing really well in North Carolina. I hear we're going to do very well in the state of Virginia. You know. I hear. We're winning Florida. We're winning Florida. And I think we're doing very well in Pennsylvania. I mean, we're just doing well. We're just doing well. And these people back there. Now they're a little dreary because we've been doing this all day long but these people back there, they don't know what the hell is going on. This is not supposed to be happening.
I want to thank Michael, he's done a great job. He is really -- he's really -- I look at some numbers before, they're looking awfully good and I give a lot of that attribution to Michael. He has been a wonderful leader in this great State that we love. I want to congratulate Senator Dean Heller on his victory and he's gonna do a tremendous job. He's going to be a continuation of a great senator. He's -- he's been with me all the way. Once we got elected.
It's really November 5th. I think that hopefully will go down. If you do your job great, it'll go down as the most important day -- one of them at least in the history of our country. You know, July 4th was pretty -- 1776, It was pretty important, too. But let's see if we can top it. Can we top it? I don't know.
I said, "Which did I do better on, my physical or my cognitive?" He said, "Actually, sir, your cognitive." And I wasn't sure I was happy about that. He said, "Your cognitive is incredible." It's time for the Republican Party to unite, to come together and focus our energy and resources on beating Crooked Joe Biden and taking back our country.
Are they doing a good job, Tim? We fought for Wisconsin and we won for Wisconsin. And with a big victory for Republicans this November, we will fight and win for Wisconsin once again and win like never before. One of the first things we'll do is to stand up for parents' rights. Can you believe I have to even say that?
Rudy Giuliani said it. This is collusion and corruption of the highest order and is one more reason why I ask my attorney general, I will ask, to appoint a special prosecutor. [Applause]
But you're really not there because you can't get the money, even if you want to pay it. In July alone, 350,000 people were added to the unemployment rolls. Kamala Harris wants to talk about her fantasies, and they are -- everything she says. If I say something, she said that's what she's going to do, too.
And don't forget, Tester is going to vote with the Waters and the Pelosi. Can you imagine? Maxine Waters is your new leader in the party. [Audience Boos]
No, it's not. No, no. This is called Make America Great Again. That's all it's called. [Applause] This is not like -- you know, Hillary conceded. I don't know what's going on with her. 3:00, 3:01 in the morning, she called me, and she conceded. I don't have to tell you the whole story, but she conceded.
We send our thoughts and prayers to the families of our brave sailors who were injured and lost after a tragic collision at sea as well as to those conducting the search and recovery efforts.
I haven't looked at them in the last 15 minutes. You know, it's like interesting but it's -- I just do what we have to do. But, you know, we did another program, Right to Try. It's the greatest thing. For 51 years, they've been trying to get it because we have the best doctors, the best lab technicians, the best labs, the best everything, and nobody could get it done.
Thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause]
And I said, yeah, I'm angry. Now when they asked it was on the debate, the previous debate because I skipped the last one before the one the other night and I raised $6 million for the veterans, right? And somebody said, do you regret skipping the debate? And I said no, not at all. I don't. They said, what do you mean?
We will defeat it and we will defeat it quickly. [Applause] Any nation that shares our goal of destroying ISIS and defeating terrorist will be our partner in this mission. Under the failed leadership -- we will build a wall, don't worry about it. [Applause] It will be a great wall.
Wow, thank you so much. Hello, West Virginia. What a place. You know, we only won West Virginia by 42 points last time. 42 points. You know what that is? That's like -- did anyone ever hear of 42 points -- and we're going to better this time, OK? But I'm thrilled to be back in this great state. I love this state with thousands of hard working American patriots.
But this is how the system is rigged. For decades the American people have demanded that their immigration laws be enforced, and that their jobs be protected from out of control immigration. But the special interests, who only want cheap labor, have stopped it from happening. They've totally stopped it.
But we have the greatest stuff in the world for doing combustion engine cars." You know what it's called? Liquid gold. It's right under our feet. We have more than any other country, and these people want to go all electric. And I said it. It sounds sort of simplistic, but it's really good. The cars don't go far, you know.
Energy is abundant and affordable. There has never been a better time to come to America. We are also making historic investments in the American military because we cannot have prosperity without security. To make the world safer from rogue regimes, terrorism, and revisionist powers, we are asking our friends and allies to invest in their own defenses and to meet their financial obligations.
Have you been seeing what's going on with our steel industry. We put steel tariffs on. U.S. Steel is now building six plants are expanding.
And those are people that invest. OK? And -- and it doesn't matter to a whole lot. And -- and how do you send it back to him? A woman sends me a check for $17.50 with a four-page note. What do I do say, "Sorry I'm not taking your money." You know. So it's one of those things. You read the letter.
Fight for Congress, John. Thank you, John. Great guy. And together we're going to end crazy Nancy Pelosi's political career once and for all. She's crazy. Under Biden, Whitmer, Pelosi, Schumer and the radical Democrat Congress, natural gas utility bills are up 52% at least. [Audience boos]
I'm not even sure he knows what the hell is happening. I think it's the people that surround him. They surround that gorgeous, you know, the Resolute desk. You know, you pick one of seven desks when you become president. Someday, there'll be people in here, that young man right over there, I think he's got -- maybe in particular, the beautiful young woman right there, she'll be president.
Right. But after I run it's a different story. Now you like Trump is that right. You better believe it's I pick the right guy. Thank you. Thank you. See that's a very dangerous thing to do because it could be. He's not a jump fan and then the whole day is over. Right. Thank you. That was great. So. The polls now coming out kind of just killing everybody.
We will reduce surging crime and support the incredible men and women of law enforcement. [Applause] And I don't know, you know, this dishonest media, the world's most dishonest people. [Booing] Terrible people. You can have a 100 percent homerun and they'll make it look bad. They've make it look bad. They're bad people.
Thank you, law enforcement. And a vote for Republicans is a vote to reject the Democrat politics of hatred, anger, and division. You've seen that. You just saw it with a high-quality, highest quality, this incredible man. You saw it. Brett Kavanaugh, you saw it, what they did to him and his family. And his young, beautiful daughters.
Prior to January 6th, I recommend it strongly. We mentioned it briefly before, but I have to say it again that the National Guard or troops be brought in, but it was turned down by the D.C. Mayor and Nancy Pelosi. We would have never had a problem from 10,000 to 20,000 troops. Is that a correct statement, Kash and Ric and everybody?
And very importantly, and I speak the truth, he graduated last in his class at Annapolis. So I said, nobody knows that. I said, he graduated last -- or second to last, he graduated last in his class at Annapolis. And he was upset, I said, for what? For telling the truth? See, you're not you're supposed to say that somebody graduated last, or second to last in their class, because you're supposed to be like Frank says, very nice.
That's all she is. And remember she lost badly to Barack Obama when she won and I think she's going to lose badly to Donald Trump when she -- Believe me. She's clinging in order to keep that rigged system going. There's nothing they won't say or do. No lie they won't tell. No amount of money they won't spend to try and bully voters into giving them what they want.
And Louisiana is incredible. We have a great race in Louisiana. The governor turned out to be not very popular. We have a race between a great Republican and a governor that has not done a good job -- high taxes, horrible insurance. They can do so much better. We have a great Republican running in Louisiana.
So we're sending this big armada over there, costing a fortune. And North Korea said, "OK, look, we don't want to mess around. We'll stop. We'll stop bombing them." But South Korea said, "But we want to sign the agreement. It's a wonderful agreement for all. You're our ally, you're our great friend." I mean, how stupid are we? They wouldn't do it, all of a sudden, as soon as the bombs got lofted, "Please, send it over here, we want to sign it immediately.
Ukraine would have never happened. And October 7th, the attack on Israel would have never happened. Remember, Iran was broke. Iran had no money. They were broke. Now, they have $250 billion. But we'll get along with Iran. We'll get along with whoever we have to get along with. But it would have never happened.
And millions and millions of new jobs. But all crooked Hillary can do was talk about small, petty things last night. During the course of 90 minutes, she was exposed and her values were exposed. She had no defense. All she could do was lie. She lied so much last night. They don't like to catch her on the lies.
Not going to happen, don't worry about it. I wouldn't lose too much sleep over it. And I have to say this about the Republicans, the Republicans, and you have a lot of great ones here tonight, your Congressman, you have a lot of great ones. These congressmen are great. The Republicans have never been so united as they are right now, ever.
And I think we have to take it over. We have to take over management of our capital, because the people that are running, including the mayor, who did nothing about January 6th, he was the one. No, we don't need anybody. We don't need any help. Along with crazy Nancy Pelosi. They did nothing. They did absolutely nothing.
Next time he was impeaching me. He was impeaching me. I don't know. That's not the reason I'm doing this, but I just thought it said, it's a character trait that was not so good. Not so good. He's a sellout. He's a fake Republican and a disgrace to your state. I will tell you that. He's not the candidate that you want representing the Republican Party.
Does that sound good? That's good. I'm going to use that again. I like that right now. I've always been with the farmers. I was with them right from the beginning. That includes ethanol. Every Iowan also needs to know that Ron DeSantis totally despises Iowa ethanol and ethanol generally. He's been fighting for years.
Additionally I am going to push for a Constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress. [Applause]
Thank you, darling.
The House, the Senate we've never been this united because it's all a hoax and they understand it. They also understand poll numbers, but I'm sure that had nothing to do with them, but the impeachment hoax is about overturning your great 2016 vote or in the alternative trying to win the 2020 election. That's not going to happen.
Now, you know, though he knows he says, I know which one, do we -- there more than one, there's but still about five left. There were about 50 now there's about five, but they're starting to getting there, they're coming around. But what happens is then they said, he'll never file as financials, he'll never file because he's probably not as rich as people think. I said actually one of the reasons I want to wrinkle I want to file my financials they're so good it's true, it's true.
No? I thought you were going to say that. But there's so much love in the rooms. The Washington insiders -- they are panicking. They are very concerned.
And what about the plants that are being expanded? They don't want to give you credit for that, they just expanded. I went to Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I say, "Prime Minister, you have to start doing something." You know, he's a great guy he'll be retiring soon, he's a great guy, the Prime Minister of Japan Abe.
But if -- had the election been not rigged, it would have been faster, much faster. But we got out. We looked like cowards. It looked like a surrender. It was the worst moment, I believe, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. And it gave Putin the idea of going in because there was no chance that he would ever go into Ukraine, where there was zero chance.
[Laughter] I said, maybe I should cancel this arrangement because I have a bad hair day.
Right? And he knew that but he said I lost and he was right. I lost and then I lost again but then, I won. And we have the travel ban. But instead of saying he lost and then he lost at the -- and then he won at the United States Supreme Court, he said, he lost on the travel ban. These are very dishonest people.
Ever! I'm not leaving. And you know what. And I'm still number one by a lot. So that's the reason I'm not leaving. So anyway, it's just a couple of things I'm going to talk to you about a few things and I know it's a crazy day and with the tragedy yesterday that was some horrible thing. I mean people see that and they just it's -- it's so terrible to watch.
Hillary Clinton's immigration plan would bring in millions of unvetted immigrants or very poorly vetted. And how can you vet somebody when you have no idea where they come from, you have no idea about the paperwork. Frankly, they have better passports than we do because they stole our passport machines. How that happened is pretty amazing.
We are not asking others to change their way of life but to pursue common goals that allow our children to live better and safer lives. This principled realism will guide our decisions moving forward. Military power alone will not bring peace to Afghanistan or stop the terrorist threat arising in that country.
ICE is under siege and our law enforcement is under siege. And they want to have weak law enforcement, and basically they want to have crime coming. Look what happened in Chicago with a liberal mayor that had these stupid, stupid policies, but now he's not running anymore.
U.S. car sales are down 38 percent since I left office. Good job. Good job, Joe, you sleepy guy. I almost said something bad that would've -- oh, I was so close. I was so close. But I think of Franklin Graham. You know, Franklin Graham is a great guy, does a great job with all of these horrible hurricanes and tornadoes and everything.
Adam? And another friend of mine who really was outstanding, because, you know, I have a little -- to use an interesting word -- bias for this area. I love this area. You know the word bias? They've been talking about bias. Is there bias? Yeah, there was a lot of bias. You know that. But I have bias for this area and, also, for our great GOP chairman Michael McDonald.
OK.
I said, "You know, it's good for your production value to do that." Your production values are much better. Yup, let them know it now. Look at this field. They never show it. They will show the people behind me, congratulate. They may have a lousy seat, but you know what they'll be famous tomorrow. But it is true, they never like to show the crowds.
You know say what you want about her husband Bill, he's a pro. He said, "be careful of Trump." That was the first thing, he said, "you don't wanna lose against Trump." And I was, you know, I viewed that as a compliment. They all smiled, they thought it was wonderful. But he something very interesting, he said, "you better watch Michigan." 'Cause he was here, he said, "I was a Trump Pence sign on every lawn." And he also said, he also said, "you better watch Wisconsin and you better watch Minnesota." Now Minnesota hasn't been won since 1972 and they all laughed at him.
He's all over the place going from place to place to place. Got a lot of energy, a lot of -- a lot of this up here too. America has lost, listen to this, 70,000 factories. 70,000, not 700, not 7,000, 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization, another Bill and Hillary backed disaster.
Hi, thank you very much everybody. That's so nice. Wow. No Labels, it's right. I'm a believer. You know, John and Joe called and they said, "Would you do it?" This is about two months ago. And I said, "Well, I think I will be able to explain what No Labels represented." We all know that that's where we have to go in this country because we're getting nothing done, whatsoever.
We empowered ICE to do their jobs. We worked to cancel down on sanctuary cities. We did a number on sanctuary cities. We want to cancel sanctuary cities. Sanctuary cities take care of many, many criminals. They're very dangerous places. Even in California, they really want sanctuary cities out. But for some reason, the politicians don't. Didn't they send out 38 million ballots in California?
And the reason that is, is because it's for politicians. They always want to look good. What does that have to do with unemployment? So I think you have actually an economist and a very smart guy, two weeks ago, said the real number is 42%. So let's say that's high but let's say it's 30 or 25 or 20 or 15. One thing we know, it's not 5.2, 5.3, about 100 million people close.
That'll be for the second four years. Keep America great. And you know what theirs is? Theirs is resist. Resist. What do you think of that? Resist. How do you figure that, resist? Isn't that an inspiring -- we are going to resist. What are you going to resist? Anything, anything. But I want to introduce a man that really has done a fantastic job.
You look at Washington. Look at the politicians. The politicians hate each other. The Democrats hate the Republicans. The Liberals hate the Conservatives. We have got to change our thinking. Yeah, and if there's a group out there just throwing them the hell out that's OK. [Audience calls out "Yeah"] [Audience Chants "Trump"] So look, we cannot let our First Amendment, we just can't. We cannot let our First Amendment rights be taken away from us, folks.
He used to tell me things a long time ago about nuclear. He said, "Someday, son, they'll have a weapon that you'll be able to carry into a building like a handbag, and it will blow up New York City." I said, "Uncle John, that's never going to happen." He's the longest-serving professor in the history of MIT, like 40 years or 41 years.
Blue Cross Blue Shield through Obamacare. Now, I hear that on November first, they're going to have an increase on Obamacare on health care that is going to set this country in motion. And I mean motion in a bad way. November first. So what Obama wants to do, because it's actually election-defying. It's election-changing.
It was actually, I thought it would be devastating. I got one day of bad press after that. Everybody forgot about it. It wasn't -- it wasn't that bad, but I did the right thing for our country and we want to have our great plants working. We want to have our great plants fired up. [Audience chants "Four more years"] And you know, they said manufacturing jobs are dead, right?
Many times the size. So, he said, "The whole thing becomes almost a battery." I said, "If it goes down and you happen to be the unfortunate person that's sitting on top of that big battery, do you get electrocuted?" And he said, "You know, nobody ever asked me that question." See, my uncle was a great professor at MIT, so that was a natural question for me. Great professor.
And we're going to work on with all of our friends here. With so many clinics that they want to get involved with and the rehab centers. But it's really, it's not unique to New Hampshire but I think you have it bigger and tougher than anybody else. It just seems it's such a big problem here. And we're going to work on it and we're going to work on it very strongly.
Right now they refuse to take them back, gang members, drug lords. We bring them back, they say we don't want them, so we fly the plane right back and they go right back into our country. It's unbelievable actually.
They don't want to see that take place. So when you speak about it properly, perhaps like I just spoke about it, I don't know. But when you speak about it properly, otherwise it's been a very devastating issue. That's what happened in the midterms. You had politicians that had no idea how to talk about the issue.
And there's a picture. There's everything. This guy. The worst is, did you ever see his golf swing? He said he's a six handicap. Six handicaps, a good golfer. You know when he's six handicaps? That's a good golfer. This guy can't hit a ball to Kristi. He's a six handicap. I think that's the greatest lie of all, do you want to know the truth?
We'll win by record numbers. And that's basically my speech, it's very simple. That's basically my speech. But they'll be coming from one of the biggest terrorist havens on the planet, the place where the October 7th attack was planned. I mean, they're coming in from places like that and they're coming into our country.
Right?" They'll figure it out. Long before him, you'll figure that one out, long before him. Now, I know the farmers I'm not worried about it. Fifty billion dollars or no issue have Washington Democrats more thoroughly sold out the American people than on immigration, right? Every day, Democrats open border policies are harming and killing innocent lives.
And we, as usual, end up with empty empty factory buildings that are falling down. We end up with nothing. We want tariffs. If somebody wants to come in and take our jobs, if somebody wants to come in and sell us their product that's made in their country, that's OK. But they've got to pay tariffs, they've got to pay a price for that.
With the problems that we have, you've seen a large intake. Do you remember when they said they were going to only take 3,000? That it was 6,000 and I said it was gonna be a lot more. I was saying 200,000. You know what, I'm right. OK. We're taking in tens of thousands of people. And you know what, we all have heart and we want to take care of that but we don't know where these people are coming from.
My message to Minnesota is clear: I'm here to help you. We will bring back law and order to your community. We will bring it back, and we'll bring it back immediately. [Applause]
I said I don't care if you like it or not. So, I was all set. I told Scott 350 percent tariff to settle that war. If you don't, we'll make a nice trade deal. They were in the midst of a deal. Now no other president would have done that. Another guy would have -- like Joe Biden doesn't even know what countries we're talking about.
[Crowd cheering] Look. They are cutting off -- They're cutting off the heads of people. They're burning people at the stake. It's like we're living in medieval times. You have to do something. As far as Iran is concerned. If they respected our leadership they'd negotiate. If we put sanctions all over the place they would negotiate.
I don't care. I don't care. We need somebody that sharp and tough and smart and can figure it out fast. Fast. I mean we're playing games. We're playing games. The problem we have is we're playing games. We don't have the luxury of going through what we've gone through for the last seven years with this guy.
It's seldom used. But when it is used, it's always on my left. It's always on my left, and it's always at the end of the speech. And I do a lot of things without a teleprompter. Isn't it nice by the way to have a president that doesn't need a teleprompter? Isn't that nice? Because a lot of -- you know, I don't often use the teleprompter because if you use a teleprompter, it gets very boring.
Look, in your case, energy, energy, look what we've done in energy with every -- Who the hell can beat us? I mean, who can beat us? Who can beat us? One of these people said recently, and they hated to say it, but the Trump has actually fulfilled more promises than he promised. It's true. Look what we're doing.
They went from 100 percent approval to about 4 percent now. And you know who's got the approval? Me, because I want to see peace all over the place. We had no wars. She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. She ruined San Francisco, probably the greatest city in our country 20 years ago.
We finished. Does anybody in this room have that system? I don't think so. But a lot of people do. A lot of schools do. In other words, what they did yesterday, if you've worked hard, gotten fantastic marks, done well in all of the other various things that you have to do well on, somebody that hasn't done nearly as well, who perhaps has not worked as hard, will not be taking your place on a school, college or university roster any longer.
This is what we are. So it started off with trade and it started off with the border, and all of a sudden everybody said, we like Trump best for the military. We like Trump best for ISIS. We like Trump best for healthcare and that's what's happened. So here's the story, folks. Our country doesn't win anymore.
We're going to turn it all around. [Applause]
We have to win those elections. We want -- in the case of our election, our presidential election, we want a landslide that's too big to rig. We got to make it so big because one thing we know, at a certain level, they can't cheat. They can cheat, but it won't matter. So we think we're going to have them stop, but that's what they do best.
Other than that, they're OK. Other than that, they're fine. In short, this election is a choice between American freedom and Democratic socialism, and in some cases, in my opinion, it's worse than socialism. Socialism is a kind word by comparison. The Democrats will lose because America will never be a socialist country.
I said, "You're going to beat him." We've got him past the primary. You know, in the primary, the secretary of agriculture was leading him by 37 points. You know that, right? Then I endorsed him, and he became a rocket ship in 24 hours. So, we got him there. Then we got him past the election because we did some giant Trump rallies for him.
And they're paying it. And believe me -- you know, so many people say our people pay. They'll pay a little bit. But it's worth it. It's really worth it. But, you know, China subsidizes these big plants so it's not really coming. And they keep the price the same and they subsidize it. And also, you take a look at what's happening: If we build here, there are no tariffs.
Would you trust Kamala Harris to talk with Russia or China about nuclear war? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so. I really don't. Would you trust her to steer us out of an economic crisis? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so. Nothing is more dangerous than to give immense power to a very weak and incompetent person with an extremely low IQ.
And we also have to investigate the investigation itself. [Applause]
Crazies, he called them all crazy. I said, they were not crazy. They were great Americans. These people, if you were to see these people -- I know what a crazy is.
They're being destroyed because of the sound and the vibration. It's so bad. And the subsidy is massive. But with the electric car -- so they want to go all electric. And the problem is really, it's very expensive. They don't go far. But worse, they want to go to all-electric trucks. And I have friends in the trucking industry.
But now, Indiana is becoming very important. And I say, I say -- no, so important in terms of the race. Usually, by this time, it's over and you know it doesn't matter. But this time, you folks belong where you belong. It's called important DeVille, right? I love it. I have so many friends here. So what happens is we're getting ready to thinking about Indiana.
We owe 19 thinking for the country. We owe 19 thinking for the country. We owe 19 trillion dollars, it's gonna be 21 trillion dollars, it's gonna be 21 trillion dollars, it's gonna be 21 trillion dollars very soon. You see this trillion dollars very soon you see this trillion dollars very soon. You see this ridiculous budget that was just passed ridiculous budget that was just passed ridiculous budget that was just passed like they passed it immediately.
I didn't say that when I told the story. The end result, 100% of the caliphate. But all of the things we did with the military, rebuilding it, all, everything, we need a campaign where people start talking about greatness again for our country because we never talk. Where do you ever -- do you ever turn on the news?
A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream, that's what it is. So in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It's already started. We will expand opportunity zones, increase vocational education, and provide school choice to every family in America.
We're going to win for our vets. We're going to win at trade. We're gonna have the best trade deals, Carl Icahn. Some of the greatest business people in the world have endorsed me. We're going to use our smartest and our best. We're not using political hacks anymore. That's the people that do these deals.
That's what we want. As I announced this week, I will cut federal funding for any school pushing far left sexual or political content on our children, and I'll create massive incentives for states and school districts to adopt crucial reforms to protect parents' rights. Can you believe we're even talking about this?
We love South Carolina. We have made America powerful again. Our military, greatest in the world. It was depleted, it was tired, it was old. Greatest in the world, 2.5 trillion powerful. We have made America wealthy again. Stock market, record highs. 401ks record highs. Let him double, triple, quadruple your taxes, you'll be taking your 401ks, throwing them away.
Oh, wait 'til you see next year. They'll be -- pretty soon, they'll be at no crime, zero crime in the entire country of Venezuela, the beautiful country of Venezuela. In fact, we'll be going to Venezuela for vacations. [Audience chants "Build that wall"]
They're willing to violate the US Constitution at levels never seen before in order to win. They're dirty players. They played dirty, they weaponized justice. There are a bunch of dirty players. Look at what they're doing right here to Michael and great people in this state. It's a disgrace. Joe Biden is a threat to democracy.
They're all tough guys and they're swinging clubs viciously. They couldn't care less who they hit. These are bad people. These are people causing problems and the press doesn't want to talk about them. If the radical resistance, and that's what they are, radical resistance, takes power, they will move immediately to reverse America's progress and to eradicate all of the gains that we've made.
He's losing badly. But what they don't understand is that I am willing to go to jail if that's what it takes for our country to win and become a democracy again. [Audience cheers]
Some of those promises are to support and defend the Constitution. I appointed and confirmed a Supreme Court Justice in the mold of the late, great Justice Antonin Scalia, the newest member of the Supreme Court, Justice Neil Gorsuch. [Applause]
I'm the politician, if you can believe it." I hate to be called the politician. I like I'm a businessman much better, but I guess I'm a politician because we did great in 2016. We did much better in 2020, a lot better. We got millions more votes. So, I guess -- and this time, and I will say this, the spirit that we have this time blows both of them away.
What were they? $75 down to like in the low-30s. That's not crash. And it happened that way with a lot of people that we're fighting. Do you remember? The Governor of Texas, Perry. He was doing fine, right? Yeah, and it happened with Bush. Look at the way he crashed. But they were fine and then they attacked me and then they all went down.
NVIDIA, $500 billion. If you look at this one, TSMC, and this is a company, the biggest in the world for chips, $200 billion, at least. Amazon, $4 billion. Johnson & Johnson, $55 billion. Merck, Stellantis, General Motors are putting in billions and billions of dollars. We have it all done. It's going to be all with very little inflation.
So important. From Tampa to Tallahassee, from Jacksonville to Fort Lauderdale, places I all know very much. From Pensacola, where I'm going in a little while, to The Villages. We stand on the shoulders of red blooded American patriots, who poured out their heart, sweated soul, and you did that. You poured out your heart.
It was a scam. Greatest crime in history. And we have to hold these people accountable. And hopefully -- and I say this and I have confidence in it. Hopefully, your attorney general, Mark Brnovich, your state attorney general, will take information, this incredible information given by these incredible warriors and patriots, he's going to take it, and he's going to do what everybody knows has to be done.
David Gergen, who advised Bakari sellers, David Gergen, who advised Bakari sellers, David Gergen, who advised Reagan and Clinton, they were president, Reagan and Clinton. They were president Reagan and Clinton. They were president; and John Avlon, editor-in-chief of The; and John Avlon, editor-in-chief of The and John Avlon.
They don't want to make 'em up. Democrats want judges who will rewrite the Constitution to impose their own radical views. And you see that happening at the border, and you see it happening all over. But we've appointed a lot of judges. We'll soon have a record in the number of federal district judges and judges that we've appointed.
She looked at her people, she said, What the hell is this, this is not impeachable. They say, You're right, but we are so far down the road, let's go for it anyway. This is what we're dealing with. and we won. It's good to win though I have to tell you it was. Great Republicans, we had great Republican support.
She doesn't care at all about the hurting people of this country or the suffering she has caused them, and she meaning she and her party officials. There has been tremendous suffering because of what they have brought. The African-American community has been taken for granted for decades by the Democratic Party and look how they're doing. It's time to break with the failures of the past.
... I am going to keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. [Applause]
If you want safety, if you want borders, if you want to have a country, then you need to go out and vote Republican. And very importantly, you need to go out and vote for Ron DeSantis for governor of Florida.
Jesse has been great. Pete Hegseth has been great. And I don't wanna mention -- You know, there are a lot of people. Look, we have a lot, but it's 90 percent negative everything. You know, everything. It's not -- But so think of that. So I said, 17, and he gave me an answer. I just thought it was so incredible.
But you're going to call up -- good man -- but you're going to call him and you're going to either say, governor, or vice president, sir, please, please speak to Mr. Trump. We're winning too much. We the people of Indiana cannot stand all of these victories. We can't take it. We're not used to it. Please. We're winning with our military. We're going to beat ISIS.
But we're the bright future. My contract with the American voter begins with a plan to end government corruption. [Applause]
But when he said -- and when the president asked them about this, why didn't they solve their problem when they solved the other? He said, It got too complicated." OK
It's not bad. No, I gave $28 billion to our farmers because they were targeted by China. They were targeted. They said you know, and that's what they did to the past other Presidents. They said, "If you do this, we're going to stop doing business with your farmers and you're not going to be able to get any votes and you're going to lose the Midwest and all of that.
We must vote for Hillary Clinton. I -- I mean, the hatred he's got, but why would he do that? He looks better if he didn't do it, to me. Hey, what do I have to do with it? I don't care. Whatever he wants to do. But could you imagine, if what's taking place now with the Democrats took place in Cleveland? And by the way, I have to tell you, Cleveland did an amazing job.
They're bad people, bad people. OK, that's enough that. I wanted to tell that story. Does everybody understand that story? [Audience responds "Yeah"] The left-wing anarchists tore down a statue of Thomas Jefferson. Now we're getting into the real story. They decapitated a statue of Christopher Columbus, except in New York when the Italians surrounded it. They didn't have too much of a chance.
That's bigger, 179,000 people is bigger than any city by a lot in New Hampshire. That's a massive amount of people. That's a massive amount. So we're going to do something that's going to be whether you like -- Dwight Eisenhower. No matter what you do. Dwight Eisenhower, I like Ike. Everybody said nice guy.
Hundreds of billions of dollars started floating in, hundreds of billions of dollars. And Secretary General Stoltenberg was my biggest fan, he said, "I've never believed it because President Obama would go to NATO, make a speech, talk about the weather, the sun, how lovely everyone looks and leave, and others would, too, including President Bush.
When they do, they charge a big tax. They charge a very very big tax. And you know what? It's not going to happen like that anymore. We're losing $500 billion a year. We have a trade deficit with China. Five -- that means, they're sending in $500 billion but -- you know what 500 billion? That's a year. So then I hear -- then I hear the stupid people and some of the stupid people back there.
Secondly, we have to rebuild our military and our economy.
We won't let that happen. But you have to get out and vote.
I said, "I don't want to go to Mexico." I want to look at one here. He said there's no big ones being built in the United States. I said, "That's bad." I said, "How big is it in Mexico?" "The biggest in the world." I said, "So, they're going to make cars and sell them in here, kill Detroit, kill Michigan."
Our country is not a great country anymore. Our country is a mess. You remember KAG, Keep America Great? I couldn't use it. I said, "America's not great now." I wanted to say, "Keep America Great." So we went back to MAGA, Make America Great Again. But it's not a great country anymore. It's a crime-ridden mess.
She ruined -- think of this. She ruined San Francisco. She was the worst DA. And she ruined the state of California. And now, she wants to ruin the United States of America. We can't let her do it. So, I called Elon to tell him that they needed Starlink, as an example. They couldn't get Starlink. I didn't know what Starlink was, I must tell you.
They're not going to take advantage of me. Believe me. But you know, I mean, if we get along with Russia, that would be, it's sort of nice, wouldn't it? Let Russia drop. For instance, this guy Lindsey Graham. You have a guy, he's one of the dumbest human beings I've ever seen. He may be. He runs against me, OK? He runs against me for president.
Where's Ted Cruz? Is he here? He's here someplace? Ted? Ted? Oh, oh, oh, he's in trouble. No, he was -- he was here. Oh. Oh, good. He's not in trouble.
I don't know. They call them therapeutics, but maybe cure. This stuff I took, either I got better myself or it was one hell of a medicine. I'll tell you. That I don't care which it was, but here I am and we got back very quickly. Took a little time off. We took a little time off and I actually probably feel better now than I did, uh, before the thing happened so, uh, but I appreciate your -- this is an incredible crowd of people this time of the night.
They rig everything. We weren't anticipated to win that election. And what I've -- I've done to insult them is we won that election, and then we did much better in 2020 than we did in 2016, getting millions and millions of votes more. But this is going to be really special, because I will tell you, 2016, we had spirit like nobody's ever seen before. 2020 blew the spirit away of 2016. Not only do we get millions more votes, I think the spirit was even greater.
Biden would say unless you use two words before it and you go clean. He said what happened to the other word. Remember those things? He'd say three words and mean two. But the West Virginia mines are doing unbelievable now. Wyoming is doing unbelievable, it's clean, beautiful coal. And from the bright lights of Las Vegas to right here in beautiful Miami, America is proud.
Every solution to the humanitarian crisis in Syria must also include a strategy to address the brutal regime that has fueled and financed it: the corrupt dictatorship in Iran.
I said, "Could we use it?" It had a building on. "Could we use it? We'll build the embassy there." We just saved $300 million on land. They were trying to rip us on a piece of land that was not even a good location. I know a lot about location because I'm in the real estate business. Location is very important.
He was with me all the way. I did him a favor. But I did it because he's good and he's been very popular. But put her over there. And like I said, she was okay, but she's not presidential timber. Now when I say that, that probably means that she's not going to be chosen as a vice president, you know what I mean?
Just the opposite, I'm the one that's going to make Social Security strong again. We're going to make it strong again. She's going to close it down. And you know why she's going to close it down? Because all of the millions of people she's allowing into the country want to go on to Social Security, Medicare, all this stuff.
We know for a fact that ISIS is trying to infiltrate refugee flows -- no question about this -- and to recruit refugees after their entry into our country. My opponent wants a 550 percent increase in Syrian refugees over and above... [Applause]
Now we have a chance to do something next year even greater than last year. We had it the best ever, and then we got hit by the plague from China, and we will never forget it. [Audience boos] We're never going to forget it, and then we're building it up at a level that nobody thought possible. Leading every nation in the world by far.
I got it, Al. My stance on coal is very simple. We right now are destroying an industry. We are destroying an industry and coal was, you know, it did things for us for many, many years. And we send our coal to China and China burns the coal and whatever -- they have no cleaning method. They don't care about it. I felt -- feel very strongly, you know, they have clean coal now.
We're going to have too big to rig. So, you need to get out immediately. You have to get out tomorrow. You have to get out tomorrow and vote. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth. They're the most sinister. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that the nation does not belong to them.
That's not infrastructure. It's the kind of things that you don't want. 9% looks like it might be infrastructure, but mostly it's not infrastructure at all. The Democrat legislation also includes an extreme plan to abolish single family home zoning, which would obliterate your home values, increase crime, and destroy the suburbs, all to satisfy the far left agenda of AOC, Bernie Sanders, Rashida Tlaib and Ilhan Omar, who's telling us how to run our country.
He's worked tirelessly to enact massive tax cuts, record defense spending, and crucial VA reform that I was just talking about. And I have to think -- yet, of all the things with respect to Mitch. Mitch is a -- he's a good person, but his leadership in the Senate, we've confirmed -- think of this -- almost 150 federal judges to uphold our nation's beloved Constitution, and the foundation of American freedom.
She's the border czar, and she never went. She actually went. You know, they say -- they fact-check me. Anything I say is like a little -- she actually went to a beautiful part of the border. I would love to take my first lady wife there to have dinner. It's beautiful, very safe. No, she didn't go to the real border, did she, front-row joes?
You too?
We want them doing what they are doing, but our great warriors carried out a daring nighttime raid and terminated the founder and leader of ISIS. The animal known as Al-Baghdadi is dead and the wicked caliphate is 100% destroyed. And I will tell you when we took over a little less than three years ago, ISIS was all over the place.
But do you know the best thing for detecting drugs is a certain type of German shepherd? Do you know that? They are unbelievable. There's no machine that costs $2 million each that can even come close. So I love those dogs. I think they're great. You can't get away with it. I mean, they put them in their cylinders of a gas car.
OK this is called -- All right. OK, let's go. Ready? Think about your border folks, think about your border. Think about people coming into our country. We're going to protect our country. On her way to work one morning, down the path, along the lake, a tender hearted woman saw a poor half frozen snake. His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew.
Kamala Harris, you're fired get out, you're fired. You did a lousy job as vice president. Look, Joe is the worst president in the history of our country. Jimmy Carter is the happiest man because the Carter administration by comparison was totally brilliant, and Kamala is considered -- and if you go back seven weeks, was considered the worst vice president in the history of our country.
I've never heard it before. When we took over in recent months, the Kennedy Center was in dire shape. As I saw in my tour a few weeks ago the building is falling apart. I don't want to make -- I don't want to scare people, it's in fine shape, but it's falling apart. That means, we have to see. You know, we have Les Mis, we're opening up with Les Mis and some other things.
You know, it really -- do you notice? It all comes back into a beautiful picture. Great memory, It's a beautiful thing. But remember what they're going to do. If this horrible, uh, low IQ individual who's representing us. If this horrible person who's done such a bad job. Worst president in history by far.
We've reduced it. It used to be 14, 15 years. I think we have it down to three-and-a-half to four. Scott is doing a great job at the FDA. But... Forty-five years they've been trying to pass -- not as easy as it sounds. Not as easy as -- I will tell you, not that easy, but we got it passed. So now somebody's terminally ill.
Now, I have to tell you, it's an unbelievably complex subject. Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated. And statutorily and for budget purposes, as you know, we have to do healthcare before we do the tax cut. The tax cut is going to be major, it's going to be simple, and the whole tax plan is wonderful. But I can't do it until we do healthcare because we have to know what the healthcare is going to cost. And, statutorily, that's the way it is. So for those people that say, oh, gee, I wish we could do the tax first -- it just doesn't work that way. I would like to do that first. It's actually -- tax cutting has never been that easy, but it's a tiny, little ant compared to what we're talking about with Obamacare.
We need our military for other reasons. We will have the strongest we have now. When I took over, our military was depleted. We have a lot of military people here. Our military was depleted. Our planes were 50 years old. Now, you have brand-new beautiful, F-35s We have brand new rockets and missiles, we -- and hopefully, we never have to use them, I will say that.
And it will get better and better and better because we've been able to start nipping it in the bud. We've nipped it in the bud -- let's call it start nipping in the bud.
We are run by incompetent people. Our leaders are incompetent. [Applause] They are incompetent people. And I know many of them.
So when our plane comes in loaded up with people, they had to go away and they put bus stops. They put all of these stoppers, big stoppers. You blow out the tires. They have them to the ground. They pop up. They blow out the tires of our buses and vans as we bring them back into the various countries, Honduras, El Salvador, different countries, all different countries.
You just take a look at Paris. The President is a friend of mine. Sometimes I'll call him up, "How's it doing over there? How you doing in Paris?" "Not so good. Not so good." The yellow vests. And you know that was all about the accord, because they were charging people tremendous amount of money and sending that money all over the world to countries that they never heard of, and the people got tired of it. I saved $1 trillion by not going with the Paris Accord.
If you look now, Spain is having a big blow up. France is having a big blow up. No, we've done a great job; we haven't been given credit for it. He always starts off, COVID-19. That's all he knows. COVID-19. I said what about the economy? What about jobs? What about all the other things we have to do? All he does, he thinks it's a weak spot, and actually in theory, if we're getting a fair shake from those people back there, it's actually what the job we've done is actually a strong spot.
But when I heard that. I just asked a stupid question. I said, "Well, let me ask you they're paying 50% of the costs to defend themselves. Why aren't they paying a hundred percent?" Right? You know the kind of money we're talking about. And then they wonder why this country is poor. Because we're a debtor nation.
Do you notice they talk about cases, always cases, cases, cases. They don't talk about, uh, mortality rate down 85% because what we have is so incredible, the job we've done is so incredible, 85%. Think of that, 85%. But they, they do it. And you know what? On November 4th, you're not gonna hear the news.
Now we have a chance to honor her legacy and restore the first right in the Declaration of Independence. It's called the right to life. Here with us this evening are Lisa and Bruce Alexander, and their family, from Gaithersburg, Maryland. Good place. In January of 2012, the Alexanders attended the March for Life, and God put it in their hearts to adopt a beautiful child.
So, if you can turn that issue around, you're going to make that issue a great issue instead of an issue where we lost because we had a lot of politicians running that had no idea how to talk about that issue. They were afraid of that issue. And these guys know how to talk about it. But you had a lot of politicians that didn't understand it. They knew we had a victory, but they didn't know how to handle that victory.
So, I started telling everybody, "I got to get you 50." They said, "Sir, it's 15." I said, "It's too late. I've already said it." No. I said, "So, get me 50. We want 50." They went back. They said, "We have to have 50. He's not going to take less than 50." And they got it. We got it. So, think of that one.
But last night, Rasmussen, which is, in my opinion, the most respected poll out there. Now, of course, if we get a bad one, I'll take that back. If I had a bad poll, if they come out with a bad poll in a month from now, I'll say Rasmussen is terrible. But Rasmussen, no, it is a highly respected pollster.
She made a living going around saying she was an Indian, going to college, becoming a professor. No, but I hit her very hard. That was the end of her presidential campaign. Thereby guaranteeing unfettered access for Venezuelan gangs and thugs and criminals. And, you know, we're talking a lot about Venezuela because Aurora is really infected by Venezuela, but they're coming from all countries, all countries.
Florida has been tremendously successful for many years, long before this guy became governor. Florida was tremendously successful under Rick Scott. He was, look, whether you like him or not, Charlie Crist was very successful. He was a Republican at the time. But Florida's been successful for decades. In fact, probably as, or more successful, than it is now.
What are you going to do? I said this isn't my problem. This was -- Biden did this, not Trump, but they were screaming at me. I said, just give me a chance. And I will say our Secretary of Agriculture, Brooke, did a great job, Brooke Rollins. She did a great job. She's here too. Thank you, Brooke.
He's up by three or four points. David came out very strongly against me on numerous occasions. This was before he was going to run. All of a sudden, he said, "Boy, I like this guy a lot." Including with respect to the disinformation spread about January 6th, total disinformation. Remember about January 6th, if I might.
You're going to be so proud of your president because I don't care about anything, no special interests, no nothing. The insurance companies, I couldn't care less. I don't even like him. I mean they're making a fortune, by the way, on Obamacare. They were a big supporter of Obama. They are making a fortune on Obamacare.
We are going to renegotiate NAFTA and if we don't get the deal we want, we will withdraw from NAFTA and start over to get a much better deal for our workers.
I think Japan and other countries were putting up the money. After 14 years, they gave up. And I called my people together, and I said, "We can't lose that. It's so good. No. 1. No. 2, the jobs. No. 3 -- I mean, it's just important that we -- it's vital that we have it." I got it done in one day, it was done.
I am asking for your vote on November 8th so I can be your champion in the White House. OK? OK? [Applause]
Are you a protester? Where is this guy? I guess he's with us. OK. Ready? I hope they get put in -- I hope these guys get thrown into a jail. They'll never do it again. It'll destroy their record. They'll have to explain to mom and dad why they have a police record, and why they can't get a job. And you know what?
I said, do you mind if I take this one, that one and a couple of others? He didn't mind, he can handle it. No, he's a man that's liked by everybody. I've never met a man like this. You've got two, how many, is it, 219 or 220 or something?
Not only won them, but won them by a lot, I won every debate. I'm not saying, I'm just saying every poll. You know, they do those polls right after three, four or 500,000 people. Time magazine -- I said, "Nobody's allowed to do that, you can't do that." We're at enough of a disadvantage with the fake news.
And these are hardened, hardened criminals pouring into our country. And then they always say, Sheriff, "Oh, the illegal immigrants don't commit crimes like people that live here." It's so wrong. They don't report them, but it's so wrong. They make our criminals look like babies. They make our criminals look like babies.
Singapore has the death penalty. Various places have the death penalty. Wherever you have the death penalty, you don't have drugs, but I just don't know if this country is ready for it. So I tell people and it's always an option, but I don't know. I just don't know if you're ready for it and that's OK. It's nothing you can do. But what we're going to do is we're doing this campaign and I think we can get it down 50, 5-0 percent with this campaign, because when people see all the horrible things that these drugs do to you and we're especially focused on fentanyl.
Nobody ever thought that they could do this kind of destruction to our country so quickly. Some of those executive orders that are signed are absolutely insane. Biden has halted wall construction, suspended removals and even removals of just horrible, horrible people stopped enforcement, shredded our groundbreaking remain in Mexico.
That's what we're doing. Early voting starts today, so you got to get out. This is truly an amazing time for our country. The unemployment rate just fell to the lowest level in more than 50 years. More Americans are working today than at any time in our history. Think of that. More people are working in our country today than at any point in the history of our country.
And we recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, something they were trying to do for 70 years. [Audience responds affirmatively]
They pay us like nothing. I changed that. But now, Biden, I understand, wants to break it. He thought I was too rough. And I'm paying -- they're paying too much. They make a fortune. They took our shipping industry. They took our computer industry. They took so many different industries, and they're making a lot of money.
I used to be here a lot for furniture, gets smaller and smaller every year. Not going to have anything left pretty soon. We're living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. Our jobs have been stolen from us and we have people that don't know what they are doing, in particular our leadership.
We will support the men and women of law enforcement. We are going to save our Second Amendment, which is under siege. We have the endorsement of the NRA, National Rifle Association. And I have to tell you, these are great people -- Wayne and Chris and all of them -- they love this country. They love this country. They gave me the earliest endorsement they've ever given to a presidential candidate. We're going to save our Second Amendment. Great people.
And I said,"Llisten, very important. We're not going to let this happen." And I let everybody know at this forum -- and actually a little before the forum that I was going to impose a 100 percent tax on any cars that are coming in from Mexico made in this plant. That was only built to rip off Michigan and rip off Detroit.
So we want to reduce poverty for our African American and Hispanic communities, have to. Since President Obama came into office another two million Hispanic Americans have fallen into poverty. This is unacceptable. To the Hispanic community I say we are going to protect your jobs. We are going to build up your schools and we are going to deliver safety and opportunity for your children.
And I said to myself, if Ted Cruz is against ethanol, how does he win in Iowa? Because that's very anti-Iowa. I don't know how he wins in Iowa. I don't know. But, no, I'm totally for it, OK? Thank you. Thanks. We've got questions? Yeah.
And to think that we had 11 Republicans go along with an extension, headed up by Mitch McConnell. Can you believe that? Mitch McConnell. 11 -- And you know what it does? It gives the Democrats more time, two months. It gives them more time to figure it out. They can now have two more months to figure out how to screw us. That's what they did.
One thing I'll say: they stick together. They really do, the Democrats. They -- it doesn't matter what, even a hoax like they tried to pull off with Judge Kavanaugh, they stick together -- or the Russian hoax with the election. They use that as an excuse, because Hillary Clinton lost. Next time, they'll learn.
But regulations -- so many things, you add it all up, and they say thank you very much, Mr. President, for saving our country. Well, the truth is, we have all together -- because this has been a movement like we've never seen before in this country, like probably almost every country they've never seen a movement like what happened with us in 2016. And we all together -- not me. I'm a spokesperson.
But we've also required -- and we ha- -- so, we have a country that's a great country. It's a strong country, but it's a country that's just now gaining its respect back to the levels that it should -- should have never lost. We were being laughed at by the entire world, but we're not being laughed at anymore.
Now you finally have a President who is loyal to you. Thank you. And every day between now and November 3rd, 2020. I think of that. November 3rd, 2020. Boy, it's closer. But every day we're going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. Remember I used to tell the story that your governor would come to see me and you'd be winning so much in the state of Florida.
Thank you, Donald. I really appreciate it and you hear the guy, he can't breathe. You know he's having a hard time breathing. He's very nervous and then at the end of the phone call he goes, Mr. President, again, thank you so much for the job you do, he hangs up. I said how can you be friends with -- you know it just doesn't work.
How good is Jim? Where's Jim? Where is Jim? I love -- come here, Jim. Don't ever wrestle him, even if you're bigger than him; don't wrestle. You know, people don't know this about Jim, he was one of the best wrestlers ever in college wrestling. And when you see the way he fights, every time I watch, I say to my wife, I say, look at that guy. That is tough. He lost one match in three years of college. What happened in the fourth year, by the way? I know you -- right? Don't, don't, don't. Anyway, thank you very much, Jim. Great guy, thank you.
I'm going to keep saying it. It will be the people that control him. He's a puppet. And then, he wants to do a complete shutdown. We're setting records, you know, we just set a job record for four months, 10.4 million people. Listen to this, so when we had this pandemic worldwide, you know, look, it's -- it's a terrible thing that a thing like this happen, people were saying we could go to 41%, 42% unemployment.
Is there a test or something I can take to prove to these radical left maniacs that I'm much smarter than them? Is there a test?" And he said, "Sure, there is a test. It's called the X test." I said, "What's it like?" He said, "Well, it gets very tough. The first questions are easy and the middle of the test gets tough, and the end of the test is quite tough, sir, actually." I said, "Well, what happens if I don't do well?" He said, "Well, you know, it's at this great hospital." You know our great military hospital.
Our annual trade deficit with the world is nearly $800 billion a year.
Could be bigger than Saudi Arabia. And we will tap the liquid gold that's right under our feet and we will drill, baby, drill. Drill. We will stop outsourcing and turn the United States into a manufacturing superpower, which we were in the process of doing, and it won't even be hard. Here is the deal that I will be offering to every major company and manufacturer on earth.
People say, oh, you are a divisive figure. I'm not, actually. I'm not. I am the opposite.
We.. we are going to protect our country. Militarily and at the borders, we're going to protect our country. So, I went from trade... now trade's a big thing because you cannot lose $500 billion a year with China. Which is what we lost last year. $500 billion with China. And then I hear these very not smart people.
Under my plan, American workers will no longer be worried about losing your jobs to foreign nations. Foreign nations will be worried about losing their jobs to America because we're going to take a lot of those companies back. A lot of new companies coming in. I want German car companies to be American car companies.
And he produced a lot. China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea were in check and respected. They respected the United States and quite honestly, they respected me. I knew them well. I knew them well. The vicious ISIS caliphate, which no president was able to conquer, was decimated by me and our great warriors in less than three weeks.
It would not have happened. Iran was broke under the Trump administration. They didn't have the money to fund Hamas and Hezbollah and all of the other instruments of terror that they were funding. They had no money. They were broke. But those sanctions were lifted by a corrupt Biden administration. And now Iran is a rich country with $221 billion in cash and another $6 billion for hostages and $10 billion for electricity to Iraq, all compliments of an incompetent and corrupt Biden administration.
And he toughed it out. We all toughed it out together. And I have to thank the Republican senators that fought so hard for this because it wasn't easy. And it was a great honor to be involved in this situation. A lot of people would have said, "Oh, let's give it up. Let's go a different direction." We don't give up. You don't give up. We don't give up. Just don't do it. He's going to be a great Supreme Court justice -- watch. A great one. He will be a great one.
That's what I'm concerned about. And the Democrats, they're going to do whatever they do if they get into power, and it won't have a damn thing to do with whether or not we approve our national emergency. Because let me tell you -- they don't like it when I say it -- but we are being invaded. We're being invaded by drugs, by people, by criminals.
And -- and Pocahontas herself. Kamala destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police movement. And therefore, anybody who wants to defund the police even for one day -- and she was there for a long time -- is not worthy of being president of the United States. We need our police.
They're fantastic people. Chris and Wayne. They love America. But they endorsed me. We have to protect our Second Amendment. So get out there and vote. Get out there do what you have to do with the booth. You have to call your friends. You have to get your friends to vote. You have to get out and vote, and make your vote count.
And it's been really amazing. But the tariffs have made us a wealthy country. They've given us tremendous defense. They've given us things that we can do for other countries, very positive. But again, really, it's -- it's national security, it's national defense and they are so important and it's incredible that presidents, for the most, part didn't know how to use them, when to use them.
He won. But I was told by the most talented pollsters, and polling is talent. Polling works, but not when it's fraudulent polling. "Get 1 million votes, sir, you cannot lose. It'll be an easy early evening." We got 12 million votes and they said we lost, but we didn't. We won 18 out of 19 bellwether counties, which is unprecedented.
I said, you know, I really like it. I really like it, but you know, when -- when I say drain the swamp, I had no idea the swamp was that dirty, that disgusting, and that deep. It's true. If I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. And I don't want to insult our great politicians because we have some great ones with us tonight.
Now let us consider the state of affairs. Now let us consider the state of affairs. Now let us consider the state of affairs abroad not only have our citizens abroad not only have our citizens abroad, not only have our citizens endured domestic disaster, but they've endured domestic disaster, but they've endured domestic disaster, but they've lived through one international lived through one international Lived through one international humiliation after another one after humiliation after another one after humiliation after another one after another.
He rightfully didn't want to get into it and he was a little bit, you know like, Don't ask me what. Don't ask me about waterboarding. Well they asked me the question. I said, I'll answer that question. They said, What do you think about waterboarding? I said, I like it a lot. I don't think it's tough enough.
So tonight, I'm doing a show on CNN at 10 o'clock, and the question was asked to me, why don't you give us policy
He said, "But there are other problems." He said the truck is so much heavier that you'd have to rebuild every bridge in the country. That doesn't sound too good, right? And then the third thing he said that the battery is so much bigger than a tank, a big tank for the diesel or for the gasoline, but the diesel mostly. "It's so much bigger that most of our payload would be holding batteries.
And we will use the hundreds of billions of dollars in tariff dollars to benefit the American citizens and pay down our debt in short a period of time. It's going to be very quick. Think of it, in a short period of time, our deficit of about $1.8 trillion -- I've heard it was 2 trillion. It's never been anywhere close to this, by the way.
She's got nothing to do with Florida. I'm here with the houses and the buildings and thousands and thousands of employees who we love, and she got nothing to do with this place. She doesn't know Florida, that I can tell you. But I am really thrilled to be here. This is the last day of our campaign. Who would have believed this?
He said that machines don't work because they're easily violated. Now, this is the smartest guy in the world, the guy that runs rockets with computers, and saying that computers are far more important than the engines. I mean, nobody knows anything like this. But if you used paper, it's 8 percent the cost of the other.
Don't leave your farm to the kids. You don't like them. [Laughter] Who are the parents in the room? Are there any parents in the room that do not like their children? Huh? [Laughter] Sell them. Oh, there is one hand up. Can you believe? [Laughter] I should bring him up and interview him right now. It would be very interesting.
And we are throwing out gangs like MS 13. These are some of the sickest, most demented, most vicious people in the world. We are throwing them out of our country by the thousands. In recent months the Democrat party has also been aggressively pushing extreme late-term abortion of allowing children -- to be ripped from their mother's womb right up until the moment of birth.
Beautiful outside, everyone's just with this a lot of love. There's even some love from the protesters. Do we have love for the protesters? You know what, honestly, they're doing their thing. OK. They're doing that thing. Whatever. I don't quite get the thing. But whatever it is they're doing [Inaudible.
The way they withdrew, they took the military out first. How stupid are they? You know, we had nobody killed for 18 months in Afghanistan. I spoke to the head of the Taliban. The press went crazy when they heard. I spoke to him over the phone. Abdul -- I said, Abdul, don't do it ever again, no more. You killed a lot of people under the Biden and Obama regime.
They got a tremendous military power, and they still have it today. But I believe we will have a very good relationship with China and with a lot of other countries that we're not getting along with too well today, and things are going to straighten out. We're going to get them straightened out very quickly.
And we sell that equipment, as you know, to good allies. Although, sometimes the good ones turn out to be not so good, and then we do something. We figure it out. You know what you have to do? You figure it out. This year, we're asking for an additional $750 billion, which is a record. That includes funding to upgrade more than 160 mighty M1 Abrams tanks.
I mean, we had in Missouri 45,000 people that couldn't get into a 10,000-seat arena because it was packed. And I said, did they show the crowd? No. All they do is they keep it right here. They never move it around. I wish you'd move the cameras around. Just move it around. And this is Elko, pretty amazing.
Republicans want to protect the safety for truly needy Americans, not for illegal aliens. We don't want that -- can't afford it. I'd be nice. You can't afford it. When it comes to health care, republicans will protect patients with preexisting conditions. They're going to protect preexisting conditions. I will always protect preexisting conditions, and Josh Hawley will always preexisting conditions.
Oh, that's too bad, that's too bad. That's too bad. That's too bad. One person -- one person, and tomorrow the headlines will be massive protests. [Laughter] Too bad. Sorry about that, Ron. Earlier today I also spent time with your current Governor, one of our nation's truly great leaders, Rick Scott.
They know him. It's not a huge amount of people. It's pretty good. Whoa. Oh, wow. Scott Besson, he's one of the great Wall Street analysts, considered one of the best. He said, "The economy is no good, but the stock market is only going up for one reason because everyone thinks that Trump is going to win the election, and we're going to take it to new levels."
This, in fact, is our New American Moment. There has never been a better time to start living the American Dream. So to every citizen watching at home tonight -- no matter where you have been, or where you come from, this is your time. If you work hard, if you believe in yourself, if you believe in America, then you can dream anything, you can be anything, and together, we can achieve absolutely anything. [Applause]
Everybody comes in. Everybody comes in. Come on in. We pay for all of the things we just went over. I couldn't do it as a politician. You know, to be successful in life, you have to believe in what you say. And I can't believe that many of these Democrats that have gone so far left -- I knew them, and when you say the wall -- first of all, we started the wall.
Maybe a very good President. Take it down. Andrew Jackson, a great battle of New Orleans, a great general, and a very good president. They want beautiful -- right opposite the White House, they want the bulletin, and they were ready. And the police went in, and the police did a great job. They did a great job, but I said, "We need something," so we signed something that says "10 years." And, you know, they were going to march the following day.
They want her so badly to be your president, you have no idea. It will be a field day. So Hillary Clinton's policies in Iraq, Libya, Syria, other places are largely responsible for the rise of ISIS in the first place. Her attacks on me are all meant to deflect from her record of [Inaudible] of evil on us and all over the world.
I got the money from China out of the tariffs that I got which was many times that number. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. I gave our farmers $28 billion. Nobody can believe it, then my people say, "Please don't be so arrogant about it." I say, what's arrogant? I got him $28 billion.
Phase two. Why. I know where she went. It's disgusting. I don't want to talk about. It's too disgusting. Don't say it. It's disgusting. Let's not -- we want to be very, very straight up, OK? But I thought that -- wasn't that a weird deal? We're ready to start. They were looking. They gave her every benefit of the doubt because you know, it's ABC and she practically owns ABC.
We are one people and we share one faith. Whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood. [Applause] We all salute the same great American flag. [Applause] And we are all made by the same almighty God. [Applause]
And you know, maybe I got lucky because I got the Olympics and I got the World Cup. I did nothing to help the 250th anniversary [Laughter] because if I take credit for that one, then you'll say I think he's exaggerating a little. But two of the three I absolutely -- I got the Olympics; I got the World Cup.
I want to thank all of our great union members: the boilermakers, carpenters -- cement finishers -- electricians -- iron workers -- laborers -- millwrights -- operators -- plumbers -- painters -- steamfitters; I know them well.
We did it in four weeks. We have the greatest military. I got to tell you, they're not woke. Don't worry about it. When you hear they're woke, guys like Billy and some of these guys that were on the top, he's gone now, which is a great thing, he's the one that said, "Leave all the equipment in Afghanistan. It's cheaper."
I wanted to lose, I could have made a fortune. I could have been like Hunter, sell paintings for $500. I would have gotten much more. I'd say, "You got to give me $5 million for that painting." I haven't painted before, but I have a lot of natural talent. I'm proud to say that -- I mean, I'm not the only one, but I guess I'm just -- and, you know, I figured I'd lose a lot, but I didn't know I was going to lose that much.
This goes back. You know this isn't just now but Obama's been horrible and others have been also. And so I'm not upset with China. I have them as tenants in my back. I have the biggest bank in the world as a tenant in one of my buildings in Manhattan. I sell millions and millions of dollars' worth of condominiums to the Chinese so I can't be angry at them.
We're going to win for our Vets. We're going to win at the border and we're going to build this beautiful, beautiful powerful big wall... [Applause]
And I think for future years, the Republican Party should change, OK?
Hi, Karen. Hello, Karen. Are you running for governor? I think so, Karen, because if you do, you're going to have my support, OK? You're going to have my support. A man that is very non-controversial, a very unique -- he really is a unique person, but he doesn't like controversy. His name is Steve Bannon.
We will rebuild our infrastructure.
Thank you very much, everybody. [Applause] So, I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"]
Got hit right in the head. But you know, I don't know if I've said this publicly, but you know, a friend of mine came, a member of Mar-a-Largo came up to me. He said, "I'd like to give the family" -- and this is not a -- a family with a good life and a safe community. There's no crime, there's no muggings.
We're going to do this. He goes on strike. He signed the worst deal. You're getting nice wages for a short period of time, but you're going to be out of jobs in two years. So just remember it. And you know, they're trying to renegotiate a whole big pile of things. As you know, all of these deals, the USMCA, Mexico and Canada are trying to renegotiate the deal now with Biden and Biden's looking at them.
What they've done to the fishermen, do you see where Biden wants to impose a fee on fishermen? $700 a day? I don't know much about fishing other than I want to take care of them and I do. Nobody ever took care of them like I did. But $700 a fee? A daily fee of $700, that's a lot of fish, right? That's a hell of a lot of fish.
They said, "Sir, could you do it?", and I hopped in the plane we landed at 12 o'clock in the evening I started speaking at one o'clock in the morning, now Election Day, 32,000, she had 500 people. I said, "Why are we going to lose Michigan?", and we didn't, and we didn't. First time in a long time, but now we're up in the polls we just saw polls were up in Michigan.
Let's make a deal. Let's make a deal. Uh, China, they're dying to do something. They all want to talk. I don't wanna talk to them. I said, "We gotta get an election over with." And they have to take the chance. Can you imagine Iran, the worst deal -- $150 billion, $1.8 billion in cash. And they said, "Let's wait till after the election." I said, "I agree with you." It's a choice between a Biden lockdown or a safe vaccine that ends the pandemic.
But what we've done is -- is what -- what everybody's wanted to do for many, many decades.
So we're gonna get the Gulf States to pay. [Applause] And we're gonna be the smart country again. But we're not gonna let this happen, where all of a sudden our cafes start blowing up, our movie theaters start blowing up, full of people and all of the other things that you've been seeing all over the world, I mean all over the world. Who would've believed that horrible scene in Nice, who would've believed a think like that's even possible? Just driving a truck down, killing everybody, running all over everybody.
How crazy. Even if you're not gonna do it, which is basically protect us, we come first, right? But even, and that includes financially and every other way, even if you don't believe it, you don't say we're gonna end America first. They want to end America first. Kelly, I'd love you to just come up and say a few words.
But you know what, doesn't work here either, you're a big fracker. It's a big business here, 900,000 jobs. But he wants to eradicate all of the things that you're doing, all of the things that are bringing in so much money for your state. It's a disgrace. Now he's trying to say, "Well, I didn't really mean that." That was like Hillary, remember?
This could never happen." And it's worse. They're finding out things now that nobody even thought were possible. We're going to end Nancy Pelosi's political career once and for all. And then we're going to kick the Biden crime family out of the White House in 2024. But even our Supreme Court justices, and it's sad to say this, are afraid to do what has to be done to save our country.
It's so old. It's falling apart. And we're gonna use cyber offense to disrupt the enemy where we need to and keep them from recruiting online. ISIS is taking our children and taking our kids out of our country because they're using the Internet better than we know how to use it. And we're the ones that came up with it. At the same time, we're gonna completely rebuild our very depleted military.
He's hardcore mega, and he demands strong border security, strong values, strong family, and strong military with no foolish and unsustainable foreign wars. When all these wars, 21 years, they don't want us, we don't want to be there. We're spending billions and billions and billions of dollars a week. Blake is tough on crime and will fight for our great police.
Benjamin Franklin statue. Andrew Jackson, great, great general, really good president, a great general -- Andrew Jackson, the Battle of New Orleans, right? Right, the rag tags, remember? He came in with the British. They came in their beautiful uniforms. He had the rag tags. Th-the battle lasted about a half hour, right?
China would call it a tariff because it sounds like a little better. You know I have a friend who's a great manufacturer, great, great manufacturer. He calls me all the time and says I can't do business in China. You can't get your product in there. They don't want it. They don't want anything made in this country.
I don't know. I remember two monster rallies. And I said, "You're going to win." And he said, "I don't think so, sir." I said, "No, you're going to win. I'm telling you. I can tell the vibe of the people." I'm like, I think, David, 287 and zero in the last 12 months with endorsements. People respect my endorsement, and I respect them, and I love them.
With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state, we will expel the warmongers. We will expel them. People that want to go and have wars all the time. Nikki is one of them. She's one of them. Let's kill people all over the place and let's make a lot of money for those people that make the messes. A couple of weeks ago I saw where they said we're very low on ammunition.
So when I did the tariffs, most people understand what I'm doing is fighting for them, I'm fighting for these companies that are being abandoned and the jobs that are being abandoned.
So, a good question, though some of it partially answered, but not all. With the military, we're ending woke immediately. You know, I ended woke totally. And then they -- in their first week they reestablished it. It's crazy. They pay instructors hundreds of thousands of dollars a year.
No, no, we have great support. We have great support. But one by one, now we're only left with one person, crooked Hillary Clinton. We're going to win. We're going to win. [Booing] [Applause]
And the best on handling the economy, Trump by far. Trump has 29 percent. The next is like Jeb Bush. I don't think he is actually second best. I can think of guys that are better than him. OK? So, I'm best on terrorism, best on the economy, best on trade, best on like a lot of important things. The only thing I'm not so good on is like who's a nice person?
But we also have a lot of dogs, and they're great dogs, and we cherish them. Heroin alone kills 300 Americans a week, 90 percent of which enters our country through our southern border. We're doing everything to empower ourselves so that we can keep this poison out of our communities and away from our children.
'-- and if we don't get the deal we want we will withdraw from NAFTA and start all over again making better deals for our workers. It's going to be America first. It's America first. No more like, let's take care of everybody else except ourselves. [Applause]
They want our police to go out and get legal representation should they have a problem. No, we will represent our police if they have problems. We will restore law and order in America. We will hold China accountable for the unleashing of the virus upon the world. The damage is beyond anything beyond comprehension.
Right? We're going to do clean coal. The miners -- the miners are going to be back. Not if Hillary Clinton gets [Inaudible] -- the miners, I guess you got to start thinking about something else. But the miners are going to be back, clean coal. Clean coal. You know, thinking about it though. Also, people -- the press doesn't talk about it. Donna Brazile gets the questions to a debate, but then it turns out to be a number of debates.
He doesn't even want a good location. He is of the people. Thank you Todd. We also welcome the largest vote winner in Indiana history, except for Trump, Attorney General Curtis Hill. Where's Curtis? [Applause] Good man.
Saying "Ahhh, we gotta get back". Right? And people get back. 99.9, I mean, you know. And, this state has to open up. This state. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, you gotta get it open. You have a governor who, who by the way has made it -- A governor named Wolf. I remember, I remember. You know my last site -- He got them to close it up.
They want to be able and get something. We have the greatest -- the greatest medical people in the world by far. We have the greatest things -- they're looking. They're under research. And what happened is people would be told they're terminally ill. They have a big problem. And if we had a drug or we had treatment that gave great hope, that looked promising, we couldn't even come close to letting them use it. And for 44 years, they've been trying to get this done, where if somebody is really sick, terminally ill, and we have something in the pipeline that looks really good.
No, the commonwealth is great, but we're leading. And it could be a very substantial lead. But we have one poll, we're two up; another one, we're three up; another one, we're four up. One, we're even, but that was a very Democrat poll. I don't believe that. But we're going to make Virginia greater than ever before.
But our men and women in blue also need our support, our thanks, and our gratitude. They are the line separating civilization from chaos. Hillary Clinton does not have to worry about the sirens and the gunshots at night. No, it's the poor family living in the inner city -- it's the mother who feels like a refugee in her own country.
They fought like hell that we can't watch them count the votes. What's wrong with watching? Why can't we have poll watchers? And so we're in court, trying to have poll watchers in Philadelphia. But we're doing great in Pennsylvania. Gotta watch Philadelphia. We're doing great all over the place. We're doing really good in Iowa.
So, I said, "Here's what you do. We give them $750 million a year. Tomorrow, put out a statement. Or today," I think I said today, like this afternoon, "put out a statement that we're not paying them anymore. We're not paying them anymore." And we did. And the following morning, I got a call from the three primary countries, and Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador. "President, we understand you're unhappy." I said, " But you won't take MS-13 back, Uncle Sam." Look at Uncle Sam. Stand up, Uncle Sam. He's the greatest.
And Ted Cruz voted against it. And it's the single biggest weapon that China and other countries have against us for just absolutely destroying our businesses. And this guy voted against it. It's almost impossible to vote against it if you love our country. But you know what happened. Somebody got to him and said, "Listen, we want you to vote against it because some company or some country didn't want it." And this is what we have running for office.
Great people. Thanks also to Congressman. He's fantastic. Barry Loudermilk, he's here someplace. He's here someplace. He's doing a fantastic job with all of the things. They said he walked through with Russian spies or something like that. They turned out to be constituents, young children. These people are sick.
I didn't need this, folks. I -- I was -- hey look, I was on the other side. I understood the other side very well. It was very nice, very enjoyable. But I love this country and we had to do this. Believe me, we had to do this. And I'm ready. [Applause]
Such a problem -- such a problem. So we're going to build the wall and Mexico is going to pay for the wall, OK? Just don't even think about it. And the agents, when they endorsed me, I said, "Is it important?" They said -- because I wanted a little reaffirmation. And they said, "Mr. Trump, so important you have no idea.
He was very nasty. And then you have this guy, Lindsey Graham, a total lightweight. He's a guy in the private sector, he couldn't get a job. Believe me.
They want me to hire people that have totally failed to run the Department of Energy, somebody that lost all his life. I don't want to do -- I just don't want to do it. I know it sounds nice, but I want to get somebody that was so successful because we got to bring the country back and him and Chris are going to be unbelievable, I really believe it. But I want to -- so I want to thank you very much, Doug, for what you've gone through.
Should I? Should I? Yeah, yeah. I got to see it. OK. They came out and they said this has never been anything like this, I mean, this building is not exactly new and they said there's never been anything like this, where this room is packed and that room is packed. and it's just one of those things. It's a movement.
What they put up is incredible and that includes Border Patrol and that includes law enforcement. Let's face it. Law enforcement, we love them. They keep us safe. In the last two years alone, ICE officers have made 200, listen to these numbers, 266,000 arrests of criminal aliens, including those charged or convicted of approximately 100,000 assaults, 40,000, 40,000 larcenies 30,000 sex crimes, 25,000 burglaries, 12,000 vehicle thefts, 11,000 robberies, 4,000 kidnappings, and 4,000 murders. [Audience Boos]
You can do a lot better, just so you understand. But I don't want her endorsement, I don't want his endorsement. I just want them to do their job for Georgia. And you know what? He's the governor. He ought to support his Republican Party. Because if he's not -- if he doesn't have his Republican Party, I could tell you where he came from, and it wasn't good.
The relationship was incredible, and he is a man who will be greatly missed, greatly missed. I want to thank you for your incredible support also. Because I just walked in the door, and they told me I had the straw poll. Now I just come in. "Sir, you won the straw poll." I said, I'd better damn win that straw poll and done by McLaughlin.
So I used to think it was a mistake and then I -- very sheepishly -- I said it 60,000. I went through a speech. I didn't get corrected, then again, 60,000, then after four or five times, I realized that they agree that we lost 60,000. We lost 60,000 factories. You know, many jobs, that is, nobody even knows how many jobs, and we lost them because of stupidity. Stupidity. We lost them to other countries.
We try, I'll tell you that and we're willing to, but this crazy woman who's got zero, going zero, she's a Donald Trump lost this debate, so he won. You know she was talking about how badly Bernie Mike did so she said, well, Donald Trump. No, I won every single debate. I want him against crooked Hillary. I want him in the primaries like 15 or 16 debates, and for some reason, you know sometimes you just say it, it's just not a big deal, nobody watches or nobody cares.
That's a lot. We also have the support and endorsement of 16,500 Border Patrol agents, first time they've ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Earlier today, I had a chance to spend some time with the victims of illegal immigrant violence and this is violence. These are great people of all races and all backgrounds.
I don't even know what he's saying now. It doesn't matter because when they're for open borders, they're never going to change. They're stupid people because it's going to ruin our country. But she's tough on the border. So, if you don't mind, I'm going to call her Border Kari Lake. From now on, it's Border Kari Lake. [Applause]
But this is a little bit of a different description. But the end result was the same. We won. We won. They saw enemy planes flying toward them by the dozen. They saw the flames erupt into the air, and they saw the true cost of war in the faces of the heroes that never returned.
They should have talked to him and said, "Look, Commander in Chief," but you just couldn't have done that. If he had that evacuate -- If he just moved the people out, he should have done it and he should have done it first. He had to have done it first. Sometimes in life decisions are made and when those decisions are made, if they're bad decisions, you've got to get away from them and you've got to get away from them fast.
And add to that the fact that we love our neighbors and we love our country. Together, we are all united by one fundamental principle. A nation's first duty must always be to its own citizens. Its own. We got to take care of our own. You haven't heard that from a politician or a political leader in a long time.
End Illegal Immigration Act. Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants, including Americans like Josh Wilkerson, whose mother I've gotten to know during the campaign. An incredible woman who suffers every day. Josh, a student in high school, was tortured, strangled and beaten to death by an illegal immigrant and then his body was set on fire.
Thank you Sarah. You just take care of yourself. You want to go down here? It's warmer.
They don't compare with numbers like this. Baltimore is now facing the single most deadly drug crisis of any city in American history. And the number of homeless people on the streets of New York has just reached a 20-year high, and it's going a lot higher than that. Hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens, you know, you can't -- according to the -- look at all that fake news back there.
The Republican candidate, somebody who is absolutely a winner, somebody that I don't want to take a chance.
Now we know who he's voting for.
That's all of you. That's everybody. We are going to make America strong again. We are going to make America safe again. We are going to make America rich again, and we are going to make America great again. Thank you. God bless you, everybody. God bless you. God bless you.
I'm putting up my own money. They don't like it. Ted Cruz and Kasich are getting money from the banking industry, from the energy industries. They're getting money from the pharmaceutical companies. They're getting money from everybody. Folks, you can't straighten out this mess. We're in a mess if you can't do what you have to do. When millions of dollars are given to Cruz and Kasich, and millions from different industries, you're not going to be able to say, well, we're going to do and go against the banking industry to do what's right for the people.
And people understand that this whole thing, with this whole deal, with the lawyers, class action lawyers, they're the worst. It's a scam. So here's what happens. We're in front of a very hostile judge. The judge was appointed by Barack Obama, federal judge. I mean, frankly, he should recuse himself because he's given us ruling after ruling after ruling, negative, negative, negative.
So Germany is they're just being forced. So Germany is - they're just being forced. So Germany is a disaster right there. Sweden parts of a disaster right there, Sweden parts of a disaster right there, Sweden, parts of Sweden, I mean things are really bad. So I - Sweden, I mean things are really bad. So I - Sweden, I mean things are really bad.
So our steel industry is now thriving and getting better every single day. And it's jobs, and it's that money pouring into our coffers. It's beautiful. We've also taken the toughest-ever action to crack down on China's abusive trade practices. They understand it. And I think we're going to work a deal, you know, very good.
They're gonna build a plant, $2.5 billion in Mexico, not going to happen with me. That stuff. Those deals are no good. Ford's leaving. They're closing plants all over Michigan to build a plant and in Mexico. How the hell does that help us? OK. Who are the people that think this is a good thing for us. And in the meantime, in Michigan and other places where plants closing all over the place and they're spending think about it, $2.5 billion.
Did they only say it's 99.9 percent as of today? This is not the JV. But why would we say at a microphone we just sent 50 men to Syria? He's what? [Audience member calls out, inaudibly.]
And that's now going to be doubled and tripled. In our movement, we believe that your taxpayer dollars should go to support truly needing Americans. You need -- you have to take care of American citizens. And look, we all have a heart. I see the same thing as you do, and we want to help people.
In five days we're going to win the great state of North Carolina and we are going to win back the White House. [Applause]
Top economists warned of a protracted worldwide recession. The World Bank lowered its projections for global growth to a number that nobody wanted to even think about. Pessimism had taken root deep in the minds of leading thinkers, business leaders, and policymakers. Yet despite all of the cynics, I had never been more confident in America's future.
He said, oh -- I think it was about 12 years -- he was out. He lost that -- whatever it is. And after 12 years they came to him, they said, we'd love to sell you the company back. Would you have any interest? Yes I would. I'd love to buy it back. So he bought this big company back. Bigger than what he sold.
His show is fantastic. And I do an interview with him this weekend, so I hope you're going to watch. But he's very smart, very tough, but he really loves the country, and he hates what he sees happening. But he sent me something. He said, "If you'd like, you can read this at your rally today. And if you like it, you can use it anytime you want."
I took good care of our vets, 92% approval rate. So we are going to make sure there's no wars. We don't want to have wars. I call them endless wars. I call them wars where people don't even want us involved. Now Ukraine is a very interesting case because we spend hundreds of billions of dollars in Europe.
She will not be -- you can't let that happen. There'll be a woman president. You could not let that happen. Harris even urged their supporters to donate to a fund that bailed out rioters right out of jail, including attempted cop killers. [Audience Boos] I will always stand with the heroes of law enforcement so will you.
He was going to put a tax on -- my people said, "We'll never be able to stop it." I gave him a little chance, just a quick run on the story. Emmanuel Macron, head of France, and I said, "Get it stopped." They're putting a big tax on our companies. I said, "Get it stopped." And they came back, and they said, "We've been unable to do it." I said, "I'll do it." And I called up Macron. "Emmanuel, how are you?
We'll protect Medicare and Social Security. They will not be able to protect it. It will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. When I took over, NASA was dead.
She sat there, hey, what else is new? That's the way she is. She's a great first lady. She's doing an incredible job. And you think it's easy for her to be a first lady, not so easy. She's done an incredible job. But Charles Krauthammer -- so he said -- oh, he said there's never been a field like this. And I actually went to my wife, I said, you know, a very smart man just said there's never been a field so talented as this.
We could never train them for that. Nobody can train them for that; only the company itself. Thirteen million people, and it's something beautiful to see. We gather tonight to celebrate these extraordinary gains. We've done things that I don't think any administration has even come close in the first two and a half years.
[Video] Or would you close down the auto industry?
They want to go out and they want to go into the hurricane to show their wife how great they are? And then they get out and they say, oh, my god, I'm dead. And I asked one of the Coast Guard guys, I said, so let me ask you a question. When they go out -- by the way, the Coast Guard, hard to believe, they saved in Texas more than any other place.
We could have had everybody signed up. It's no wonder crooked Joe Biden and the far left lunatics are desperate to stop us by any means necessary. They're willing to violate the US constitutions at levels never seen before in order to win this election. Joe Biden is a threat to democracy. It's a threat. They're weaponizing law enforcement for high level election interference because we're beating them so badly in the polls.
Then and only then, will we be in a position to consider the appropriate disposition of those individuals who remain. That discussion can take place only in an atmosphere in which illegal immigration is a memory of the past, no longer with us, allowing us to weigh the different options available based on the new circumstances at the time.
Great guy. And I have to say, Rod is fighting to reform welfare, reduce crime, and continuously cut your taxes. Rod's opponent, Abby Finkenauer -- who the hell is that? Who is that? Is an extreme liberal who supports mass amnesty. Anybody like amnesty? For illegal aliens, wants to raise your taxes through the roof, and wants to take away your health care.
And we're going to have -- if you build a plant, you're able to build an electric-generating facility right next to your plant, so you'll be making your own. You won't have to count on utilities. You won't have to count on an old grid that could fail, could get hit by something -- bad things or good things -- but you're not going to have to -- you're not going to have to worry about grids.
America first. Going to be America first. [Audience chants "USA"] A Trump administration we'll renegotiate NAFTA and we will stand up to foreign product dumping currency manipulation and all of the unfair subsidy behaviors. It's horrible what's happening to us. Our politicians don't have a clue.
They're pretty good. But we have to stop because the United States is now an occupied country. We're an occupied -- can you imagine somebody getting up and making a statement, "We are an occupied country?" When you look at what's happening in Aurora, when you look at what's happening in all places, Springfield -- how about Springfield, Ohio? We're an occupied country.
Got to get out. Big showing. We got to win tomorrow, Fred. Fred is going to be working all night, all day. Fred Keller tomorrow, folks, remind each other, call each other up, get out and vote. Can't take a chance, he's going to win, we're going to win. You joined our movement because you rejected the failures and betrayals of the past.
So we don't win at health care. We don't win at anything. We certainly don't win with education. Here's the story, folks. You'll going to look back on this night and you'll going to say in two years, in three years, in four years, in -- in 20 years. You're going to say this was an amazing evening because it is a movement.
Thank you. We will not allow our country to be destroyed. They are destroying our country. We will get the criminals out, and we will not let them back into our country. We're not going to let them back in. They're staying out. You know, the other countries are doing this. You know that. And this is all over the world.
It was home to an incredible people with a revolutionary idea: that they could rule themselves. That they could chart their own destiny. And that, together, they could light up the entire world.
Beheading, an innocent teacher near Paris, beheading. [Audience Boos] Her -- a horrible thing and they've apprehended nine people, who knows? But we've been very, very strong on radical Islamic terrorism and we do have a ban. People said, oh, that's such a terrible thing. Do you remember when I put the ban on?
But think of it: If you have a child, it's much easier to come in. And that's why we have so many children who have been so badly abused. And we're taking care of them much better than President Obama took care of them, I can tell you that. Much better. And he was the one that had separation. I'm the one that put people together.
I can't believe what we've been witnessing over the last year. Actually, I've watched it in great detail. I've watched it, and I've watched it take place. It's hard to believe. Yet despite presiding over this explosion of antisemitism, Kamala Harris has done absolutely nothing. She has not lifted a single finger to protect you or to protect your children or to even protect you with words.
I even had the great Mike Wallace, who was actually a great one. Mike Wallace, the toughest of them all. He gave me a great one. But she was interviewed. Her answers were so bad that they put other answers in. They don't do that for me. You know, we're just the opposite. Her answers, they take it away and put new answers in.
In fact, I'd say General Motors announced yesterday, they're going to spend about $6 billion because of tariffs and maybe because of my election on November 5th, but because of tariffs, I think more than anything. They're all coming back. They're coming back from other countries that took them 25, 30 years ago.
So you gotta watch it, watch those ballots, what -- what's going on. You're more important than any eyes. And law enforcement is watching. Okay? They're watching. Did you see they found 50,000 ballots in like a river? They found ballots in an ashcan. They happened to have the word Trump on them. You know, they're Trump. They had another group of ballots, they were printed, and they forgot two words, Donald Trump.
America's future depends on young leaders like you who are proud of who you are, proud of where they come from, proud of the American values we all hold dear.
I was telling Eric, "Nobody ever said I was a great speaker." We get these massive -- The rallies? We get 30, 40, 50, 60. Alabama, we had 68,000. Mo Brooks, he said, "Well, let's forget about that." And that was the end of him, but we had 68,000 people. Texas, we had 104,000 people. Nobody ever says how great it is, but everybody comes.
And they're taking hundreds of them in. They're landing in the Midwest and all over the place. They're flying them right over the border. They're sick. The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins. The savages charged with brutalizing and murdering precious Jocelyn are members of the same vicious Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua, that's taken over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent killing spree all over America.
When I'm president, believe me, it will end. [Applause]
You know, we have drugs and unemployment. We've received the first ever endorsement from ICE and from the Border Patrol officers. Big endorsement. They've never endorsed a presidential candidate before and these are great people that want to do their jobs. You know, It'd be much easier working for Obama or working for crooked Hillary because frankly, when you're working for Hillary, she just wants to let people to just pour in.
And better, and better. We are stopping surprise medical billing. A disgrace. And I signed an executive order imposing price transparency, because when providers are required to show their prices, which they don't have to do, but now they do. Those same prices fall very very fast. We have approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as the name brand drugs, but at a tiny fraction of the cost.
His audience was sleeping. We're doing great. It's the same. It's a message. But here's what I've been focused on. I've been focused on trade because I don't want to be ripped off anymore. And somebody we have somebody from Time magazine here. They want you to know I was on the cover recently. Now they're here again.
You know, they stole our car industry. They took 32% of the cars that we made in this country are now made in Mexico. None during my time because I had that stopped. Any car company that wants to go to Mexico or another country, they had a lot of problems. They didn't do it. I had it stopped. But then you have a bad election and a lot of bad things happen.
I'm also honored to have a Gold Star wife, Jane Horton here, and Jane is with us this morning. Jane, where is Jane? [Applause]
If you - we can add I think the National Rifle Association, we can add the Second Amendment to the Justices - they almost go - in a certain way, hand in hand. Now the Justices are going to do things that are so important and we have such great Justices, you saw my list of 11 that have been vetted and respected. [Applause]
This is the most important election in the history of our country, it's the most important. I never thought I'd be saying that. It's the most important. [Audience chants "We love Trump"] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Very much appreciated. This is the most important election in the history of our country, and I never did, I never thought I'd be saying that.
Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again.
Isn't that incredible? They've just put them under watch. They're in big trouble, the riders of those horses. Most people would say they were doing one hell of a job, right, don't you think? They're in trouble. Can you believe it? One thing is certain. This would never, ever be happening if I were your president, and who should have been your president, 75 million votes.
These are wealthy countries. We have 28,000 soldiers on the border of South Korea. So we defend Germany, which is sending cars and everything over there, making it's an economic behemoth. We're defending Japan. So here's the deals that we make. We defend Japan and we have to defend them with our lives. If anybody attacks Japan, we have an agreement.
Other than that, it's very good. If you go with, like, an 18-wheeler, if you go, you can go from New York to California without a stop. And you know, it's something I ever even heard before. And so one of the truckers told me this. They're beggin' for help because they're gonna be put out of business. They're all gonna be put out of business.
Thank you, Martha. Well, she's right. How about that, Congressman Al Green? We can't beat him, so we have to impeach him. How about that? That's not what our -- as they call them, The Founders. How many times have you heard the name The Founders? That's not what The Founders had in mind. But we're going to have a big, big election victory.
This epidemic can affect anyone, and that's why we want to educate everyone.
You know, Bidenomics means a lot of bad things. [Audience boos]
He'll cancel. That's all right, you'll sell it for more to somebody else. Republican Party Chair Ronna McDaniel. You know, Ronna headed up Michigan and for many many years nobody won Michigan as a Republican. But I used to complain and you know I just -- I'd go there and I'd say, they're stealing your car business.
Where's Ronny? Doc Ronny is here someplace. I thank you, Ronny. Thank you very much. Great doctor. He was a great admiral, a great doctor. He's a White House doctor for Bush, Obama, and a guy named Trump. And they said, "Who was the healthiest of the three?" He said, "Not even a question, Trump." And I said I love that guy.
They had a outrageous attempt, the same people that have been suing me for like seven years. CREW. You ever hear of CREW? Bunch of losers. They've been losing for seven years, but they don't stop. They'll never stop. But it was an outrageous attempt at disenfranchising millions and millions of voters by getting us thrown off the ballot.
Don't go, don't go and vote. Don't go and vote. You know who's not voting? The Democrats. They're not voting. You know, if you looked at some of these early polls -- So we're supposed to be way down in the initial week because it's the fake ballots, right? The phony ballots that are all crooked as hell. And then, we catch up.
I was told that by the best pollsters, we got millions and millions more. More than any sitting president has ever gotten, not even close. And they say we lost. Don't believe it. So, they say that -- so, remember this. So, they said, "Mike Pence can't do anything." Then right after this whole event, they started working so that they could make what they said true.
And they're -- they're urging we're finally seeing more attention paid to the need for better forest management. I mentioned that term when I was in California at the worst forest fires anyone's ever seen. A tremendous number of people killed in one particular area, so, so great the people so great it was just it was like a blow torch, 84 mile, an hour winds, and this was the most -- the steel for the few houses that had steel structure, it was melted, it was melted. You never found the people, it was total incineration and I said, "You need forest management." and they didn't know what I was talking about. They smiled, they laughed.
Our massive tax cuts provide tremendous relief for the middle class and small business. To lower tax rates for hardworking Americans, we nearly doubled the standard deduction for everyone. [Applause] Now, the first $24,000 earned by a married couple is completely tax-free. [Applause] We also doubled the child tax credit. [Applause]
But we're going to spend a lot of money in Colorado. Because we're going to take Colorado. We don't want to take any chances, all right? We don't want to take any chances. So Reuters has just projected a win for us in Florida. We're going to win in Florida. And we're up in Ohio, and we're up in Iowa, we're up eight points in Iowa.
You'll have jobs. You'll have jobs back.
You started off here right next to me, and then you were there, then you were there. By the next time, you're going to be off the stage, right? No, no. And then and that was it. So I responded. So he asked me a question. Question was fine. You know, professionally written. So he asked me a question. Good.
[Audience Boos] Crooked as hell. She's crooked as hell. We have a double-sided justice. It's very unfair, what's going on, very unfair. But let's see how it all works out, folks. Let's see how it all works out. I hope you're going to be happy. I hope you're going to be happy because there are a lot of dishonest slimeballs out there, dishonest scum, dirty cops, a lot of dirty cops.
Businesses will expand. We'll have a lot of jobs. We will also unleash American energy, including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal. We're gonna put our miners back to work. We're going to put our steel workers back to work. We will also cancel all harmful Obama regulations that hurt Minnesota farmers, workers and small businesses.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.
But we're going to do a -- when you think of it, Russia-Ukraine would have never started. October 7th, Israel would have never happened. Because Iran, as you know, was broke. They were unable to fund Hamas or anything else. It wouldn't have happened. We wouldn't have had the disaster of Afghanistan, the -- the leaving.
It's a terrible system. We have a terrible complex system. Nobody even knows what it represents. The laws are so complicated. Nobody has any idea what it's all representing but tremendous amounts of money are up there and it's going to be spent and it's going to be spent unfairly. It's going to be spent -- I mean, it already is. It's being spent, you know, and I'm doing something different now.
She proposes this despite the fact that she proposes this despite the fact that she proposes this despite the fact that there is no way to screen these refugees. There is no way to screen these refugees. There is no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or in order to find out who they are or in order to find out who they are or where they come from.
But candidate for Georgia insurance commissioner, Patrick Witt, and I'll tell you, he has my complete and total endorsement. And where's Patrick? He's going to be a great -- he's going to be a great commissioner. Patrick, you are going to be a great commissioner. Patrick Witt. He's a brilliant man. He's the only guy I know that played quarterback at Yale -- went to Yale.
I'm a professional. I've been doing this for a long time. So think of it. He's -- he runs eight times. Sir, I won five elections. I said, well, you got me there. I ran once, and I won one election, but it's the presidency, right? That's right. The presidency. It's the presidency. That's -- think of it. We're one for one.
People that have never voted before because they've never had anybody they wanted to vote for. We're getting tremendous numbers of -- I didn't know there were so many people. But when I do handshaking and signings and things, I tell you what, every 20th person says to me, Mr. Trump, I've never voted before.
People get bored. They get tired of them, like we're tired of this guy. And -- but we're tired of him for different reasons, not out of boredom. It's just out of -- actually, he's very exciting because you don't know when he's going to just pop off and explode. You're watching, everybody standing on eggs.
And now it's considered a very safe city. And, uh, it's also, I passed it yesterday. I went through it and the, the lawns are good. It's like a different place. It's like the tents are gone, the threats are gone. The gangs aren't there. We got rid of, you know, we took out 1,500 career criminals, 1,500. If you have three career criminals, that can make a, a big difference, but I'm so proud of Washington DC. And now we're going into Memphis and we'll get that one straightened out fast.
But what we should have done is right at the beginning, right smack in the middle, right at the beginning of this thing, you go and say, we want our prisoners back, right? [Audience shouts "Yeah"] You want our prisoners back. They never asked for the prisoners. You know that Kerry, who's just the worst negotiator, and by the way, the Persians are great negotiators, OK? And the guy that negotiated against him.
They only care what happens before because they want to try and damage me. But here's what's happened. I'm able to explain the situation. If I was guilty of something, you'd know it. The polls were all saying, "He's not guilty. It's a witch hunt." That it is. I've gone through this witch hunt with Russia, Russia, Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine.
This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of incompetence, failure, and disaster or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. We can do that. It's not too late. It's not too late. A couple of years like this, it will be too late. You'll never put it together again.
And a lot of people say that can't be done. A lot of people say it can't be done; it's the hardest of all deals. I love deals, and I used to hear the toughest of all deals is peace with Israel and the Palestinians. They say that's the toughest of all deals. But if Jared Kushner can't do it, it can't be done.
And I said, "You know, if they build that plant" -- and you know they're decimating Europe, what they're doing. They're dumping cars in there like crazy. And it's being decimated, the auto industry, the manufacturing of car industry. So, what happened is he said, "No, this is the way it is. It's going to happen."
She was so guilty. I have a list. Look. Page after page of the lies. Page after page the lies. All over. Look at this. Page, page. I -- look, I don't want to read it to you. The press would say, you should spend your entire speech talking about Hillary Clinton and the emails. I don't want to talk about it. You know what, it was all lies folks.
So, the polls are open for early voting in Georgia every day from now till November 1st. You've got to get out there and vote. But most importantly, just vote, whichever way you want to do it. I've been one that says, whichever way, just get out and vote. Be a little careful. Make sure your vote gets counted.
How does that work Angela?" And she just smiled. She just smiled. She knows. We recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. And at the same time recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. We were working on that for 54 years. And we made historic peace deals in the Middle East that nobody thought were even possible.
What are you going to do, put one of these crazy people running our country again? But it's never been so far left. I told the story the other day about a businessman I saw one of the biggest in the country. You probably know his name, one of the biggest. He's hated me for 20 years that I've hated him also, OK, Now they're going to go out tomorrow, breaking news, "Donald Trump, hates people." and you're sort of right about that.
When a tank sees an Apache helicopter over the horizon lifting up, you know what happens to that tank operator? He gets the hell out of there because he doesn't have a chance. They hit him with a missile right down the middle of the gun. They hit him with a missile right down that barrel. They go boom. That goes right in from five, six, seven miles away.
We don't get the advantages. They're considered a developing nation. I said, "No, no. You're not gonna be a developing nation. We're a developing nation. Because if you're a developing nation, you get all of the advantages." And we were treated very badly, and, uh, we said, "Look, we're gonna have to talk about this." You know, we pulled out of the World Health Organization.
I said, "Listen, I need about 28,000 soldiers of your soldiers to keep people from coming into the United States." The guy looked at me like, "You got to be kidding. That's the dumbest request I've ever had." I said, "Oh no, you'll do it. Don't worry about it. You'll do it." "No, no, we will not. We will not do it." We had a woman in the State Department, she said, "Sir, you'll never get these things." 10 different things I asked for, including the medical, which as you know is now expiring, which they shouldn't let that happen.
So I'm gonna say meaning myself or my so. So I'm gonna say meaning myself or my rabbi o is kid with us. I say to my wife rabbi o is kid with us, I say to my wife, rabbi o is kid with us, I say to my wife, but I want to call carrier and she'll. But I want to call carrier and she'll. But I want to call carrier and she'll say you're the President of the United, say you're the President of the United, say you're the President of the United States.
5.3 million new jobs, including over, now, 600,000 beautiful, brand-new manufacturing jobs that were never going to come back to our country. These are jobs that were never coming back to our country. Remember? Not to talk badly about the other administration, but if that theory went forward with Crooked Hillary winning the election, instead of being up almost 50 percent with the stock market, you would have been down 50 percent.
Where's Mayor de Blasio? [Inaudible] See in the old days I would have know him very well but I haven't doing so much of the real estate any. And I want to thank Al and Ann Smith, just a fantastic job you do with the dinner. Congratulations on a record - over $6 million, right? He's got a record. [Applause] And a special hello to all of you in this room who have known and loved me for many, many years.
That's what it is. They're invaders, no different. Their position is that the rioting will not stop unless ICE withdraws from Los Angeles and ceases the enforcement of federal immigration law. In other words, they came in here illegally, many of them came out of prisons and jails, the most heinous people.
So, we were forced into having like 1,000 seat venue, and we have 50,000 people outside. We wanted to do a rally, an outside rally. And when we drove in, I said, "Boy, that's a big crowd." And I'm used to the biggest of crowds. And this was a big beautiful crowd. And Washington would not let us -- allow us to have the security that was necessary -- the Secret Service that was necessary.
most modern plants in the world for cars for computers for everything and you
We're going to close down all our factories. We're going to go with wind." Wind. Wind is going to be the answer. Kills all our birds, everything else. We're going to have massive blackouts like they have in California, the whole country. You ever see the brownouts? Crippling power outages. 700,000 Ohio jobs would be destroyed.
They think they're moving to Mexico, they're going to make their product and they're going to sell it back to you, and there's not going to be a nice big fat tax to pay? Not going to happen, folks. OK. And they're not going to move. They're not going to move. They won't be moving so fast. You know, right now, they have no downside.
To the striking workers, I support you in your goal of fair wages and greater stability, and I truly hope you get a fair deal for yourselves and your families. But if your union leaders will not demand that crooked Joe repeal his electric vehicle mandate immediately, then it doesn't matter what hourly word you get, it just doesn't make a damn bit of difference because in two to three years, you will not have one job in this state.
These people are sick. Sick. Every single deal. Every single paper. All of the Democrat politicians, the media bosses bad people. The crooked journalist, the totally dishonest TV pundits and by the way they know it's not true. They just got great readings. By the way their ratings dropped through the floor last night.
When we win in November, Kelly and Sarah, Republicans will fight, and we will win like never before for Alaska. We are going to do it again. Some of the things that we approved have been put by the wayside by the Obama administration, and the woman and the people that Murkowski approved, it's not even believable.
Would anybody raise your hand? Other than that, it's a very well-run election system. Other than those little things, it's a disaster. It's a rigged system, and it's a shame that it's been allowed to go on for so long. It's really sad. Every time I come here, we have the biggest crowds, and then I'm told automatically that if you're a Republican running for president, you'll lose by 5 to 10 points.
And they're taunting him, and they're laughing at him, and they're humiliating our country. And do you ever notice when he had a hard time going up the stairs on the plane? Nobody talks about that. Nobody talks. The news didn't cover. Not one network covered it. Now, when I made the best speech I've ever made, they said was at West Point and it was pouring, and I had a ramp that was an ice skating rink, and I called.
We stand on the shoulders of Pennsylvania patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for their beloved country. This is the state where our founding fathers declared American independence, right? This is the state, such history, such history. It's where the army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge.
Why are they wrong because now we're doing that? Also? Okay, build your factories here. If you want to sell cars in the United States, let them build them in Michigan, right, Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania. You see what's happening, you see, what's happened, we're really coming back and by the way ahead of schedule. You know I've. Only been here for 15 months, we have a lot of things happening.
To that end, over the last three years, I reestablished the National Space Council. I issued a directive cutting red tape for innovative space companies such as SpaceX. We created the world's first comprehensive space traffic management system. Last month, I signed an executive order establishing U.S. policy for the recovery and use of space resources and minerals. Administrator Bridenstine announced the Artemis Accords to govern the future of space exploration and development.
And we're also going to look in to the investigation. In other words, we're going to investigate the investigation, because what happened is a disgrace. Other people, their lives have been destroyed for doing so much less and everybody knows it. You know when you delete something or when you don't provide the documents requested, after -- after you get a subpoena from the United States Congress. That's a criminal act. That alone -- forget about all of the other things which are even worse in many ways, but that alone is a criminal act.
All of us. Me and all of us. We're here today to restore one of the most effective crime prevention strategies in America: Project Safe Neighborhoods. This initiative brings law enforcement, community groups, and local leaders together to get the most violent criminals in the most dangerous areas off the streets and behind bars.
With that statement, that takes me outta the running, but that's the way [Laughter] -- that's the way it is. United States is blessed with the strongest and most powerful military in the history of the world. There's no military like our military. Not even close. Nobody has our weapons, and it'll be stronger and more powerful than ever before very soon.
I'm sorry 65 years. But we think by the next report we should have the lowest in history. The veterans, do I love the veterans, unemployment rate [Applause] Reached lowest level in nearly 20 years, almost 3.9 million Americans have been lifted off food stamps and that's since the election.
We have no idea who the hell they are, where they come from. It was open borders policy of Kamala. Not a great policy. Not a wise -- does anybody like the idea of open borders for the world to come in? No? [Audience responds "No"] She loves it. I don't -- honestly, I don't think she likes -- she loves -- she does -- I don't think she has -- I don't think she knows what the hell she's doing.
After decades of rebuilding foreign nations all over the world, we are now rebuilding our nation. [Applause] As of a few months ago, our country has spent $6 trillion in the Middle East, wasted. And the lives, the lives, thousands and thousands and thousands of lives. $6 trillion and thousands of young, beautiful lives.
That is so nice. And we are doing well in every way. The polls have been incredible. But we're doing great.
And now our steel, aluminum industries are roaring back to life, like nothing you've ever seen. Three months ago, Congressman Mike Bost, by my side, and I'll tell you what, he called me, sir, could you come? I said, who is this guy? He doesn't stop. He's a great guy. He called me, and I came to Illinois, and we celebrated the reopening of two blast furnaces at Granite City.
Under NASA's Commercial Crew program, we will use rockets and spacecraft designed, built, owned, and launched by private American companies, at a fixed price for the American taxpayer.
Our enemies are getting stronger and stronger by the way, and we as a country are getting weaker. Even our nuclear arsenal doesn't work.
And we hit him very hard. He's actually -- he's actually heading south pretty soon, I think. And you have some other people, but -- and I've -- I've heard -- I don't want to speak out of turn. My people, Matt, my geniuses just told me back. Not -- my geniuses haven't predicted that much. My prediction rate is much better.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. I have to tell them -- be careful of that runway. You know, that runway is so narrow. Can you imagine if I went down on the runway, oh, would there be a -- oh. Oh. No, no, could you imagine? It would be -- you're right. Well, maybe they'd give me a pass and they'd say let's not show them, no? I'm always very careful.
Zero. Not 10 cents. Not even 10 cents. You know, the press challenged me. "No, no. I think president so and so -- " I don't want to get into it. Oh, Obama did a horrible job. He got ripped. [Audience boos] They said he'd come. He'd make a speech. By the way, I don't happen to think he's a good speaker, OK? I don't happen to think he's a good speaker.
Right, Billy? I said, Billy, can we do the vote? Get me the vote. Well Billy has already passed it so. And then what happens if it passes it goes into this beautiful committee, this beautiful I call it a pot, and we mix it up, and we stir it up and bring all the best things out, and you're going to have something, I predict, that will be really, really special. So right now -- it really is. [Applause] It really is.
People don't know I used to talk to him about it. He said, "I got some threats." He always felt that when they actually made the threat, they were not the ones to worry about. The ones to worry about w- -- were the ones that don't make the threats. And I think you know what I mean. He knew the risks, but he and I shared a certain motto.
It's like a beautiful place. And it doesn't seem right. It's pouring through the southern border. We're going to stop drugs for New Hampshire. And I made them a promise. I said, we're going to get this stuff ended. We're going to end it. So I really... I went out and we brought this up and we said we're going to have strong borders, we're going to have the wall.
A radio host Hispanic show in New York said you know, he was interviewed two weeks ago. He said you know, my audience is all Hispanic. They love Trump. They love Trump. And let me tell you, let me tell you. Who wants to stop illegal immigration more than anybody, the Hispanics that are in our country legally, it's true.
And thank you -- a very special thank you to Pastor Luke Barnett -- [applause] -- and the Dream City Church for hosting us. Where is the pastor? Pastor? Is that the pastor? He's good looking. Where is the pastor? Where -- I want to see this guy. Oh, he's good. [Applause] I'll be here. I'll get here someday. I'll be here some Sunday morning. Thank you. [Applause] Thank you very much. Great job, Pastor. I hear -- I hear great things. Thank you very much.
You know, they thought it was like this wonderful dream I could just see. They said, "Oh, the migrants are coming in." These people are tough. They're so tough, Dana White -- did anyone ever hear of Dana White? He's a legend, right? UFC, Ultimate Fighter -- Ultimate Fighting. And he has -- he's a fantastic man.
We're going to get it terminated. Look, I'm a big Second Amendment guy. You know, I'm the best example there is on the Second Amendment. If you look at Paris, if you look at California recently where 14 people were killed, if you look at Paris where 330 people are more to follow this assault, so many there were so badly wounded.
And they are reopening her case into her criminal and illegal conduct that threatens the security of the United States of America. [Applause]
We're going to repeal and replace Obamacare. [Applause]
Nikki Haley just extended it by 10 years. I don't think you're going to be too happy. You know, we have such great wealth in this country. We don't have to play around with Social Security and Medicare. On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school. Remember this?
Well, what happened after we left? I was right on this one. I've been right on a lot of them. What happened after we left? Iran is taking over. So then I made the statement, took a lot of heat. I don't want to be in Iraq. I thought it was horrible. But I said if we're going to be -- maybe these people in Washington -- and I'm not talking necessarily, in this case, about Obama purely because he stayed there a long time.
But once we get critical of them, you'll see the cameras turn off and they'll start to head out. Hopefully, that'll be quickly. If we do not defeat the Radical Democrats in this election, the maniacs and the lunatics will be totally out of control, not that they're not already. Hello, everybody. Look at the -- look at that group of people.
I don't know who they -- think of what's happening to our country. Think of what's happening. I don't know who these people are, I look on television, I think it's a disgusting thing and it's being pushed. They have no witnesses, there's nobody around. They just come out. Some are doing it for probably a little fame, they get some free fame. It's a total setup. Now suddenly after many, many years, phony accusers come out less than a month before one of the most important elections in the history of our country.
Believe me. I told people, you know, over the last week- and-a-half ago that came out. I said I can't say that, that is so hokey. [Laughter]
A lot of people said Why are you going to Pueblo?" I said
So we ended up getting 46% of the vote. And you know during the day I was walking, I saw all these people and they're all saying, "Donald! We love you Donald! We love you!" but you never know what's going to happen. And as soon as we turned on the television last night when the results started coming in, it was obvious from the beginning.
Other than that, no. I've nothing to do. But then on WikiLeaks, it came in that she's saying all these wonderful things about Putin, OK? Maybe we should reverse it. We'll reverse it. Except for one thing, I think if we got along with the Russians that would be good. And frankly, if we got along with the Russians and together we knock the hell out of ISIS.
But with your help, we're going to keep fighting for Iowa families. Nobody's fought more for the farmer than I have. Nobody's fought harder for Iowa. Nobody. There's nobody. Together, we ended the NAFTA disaster, the single worst trade deal ever made in our country, and replaced it with the best trade deal ever made in our country, the USMCA.
I'm right here. No, I don't think the therapeutic help me. I don't think I needed it. I'm glad I got it right. Regeneron, we're going to make it available free to anybody that needs it. We're making it available free to anybody that needs it free. But I'll tell you what, I'm sure I didn't because I'm you know, I'm a perfect physical specimen and I am considered very, very young.
I see a couple of them. No, actually, some -- oh, he's a nice one. But we get a lot of dishonest stuff, and they say Trump likes to talk about the polls and other people don't talk about the polls. You know why? Because they're all losing. You don't talk about polls. I talk about -- no, it's true. It's true.
I will tell you that. I know her very well. Unlike every other candidate in this race with me, you know that in your heart, I am the only one that puts America first. I put America first. And with God's help, I will get the job done like I did before. [Audience cheers]
American hands will rebuild this nation and American energy, mined from American resources will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job. We will put new American steel into the spine of our country. I will fight for every neglected part of this nation and I will fight to bring us all together, united in common purpose and common dreams.
We need the Second Amendment. Don't let anybody take it away. [Applause]
So they're ahead of schedules. I just want to tell Madam Prime Minister. They've been waiting for those missiles and we got 'em here right away as soon as I heard about it. I wanna thank Senator, former senator -- A great gentleman by the way. He was so popular, but I took him out and I made him Secretary of State.
There's never been anything -- we were out lapping China at levels that they never thought possible. China always thought they were going to be the world's biggest economy by 2018, 2019 at the latest, and they weren't even close because we were outdistancing something that they never thought could happen.
Iran was broke. Iran had no money. Now Iran has $250 billion. They made it all over the last two-and-a-half years. They were broke. I watched the other day on a show called Deface the Nation. Has anyone seen it? And they had a congressman who was a Democrat say, "Well, whether you like him or not, Iran was broke dealing with Trump." I told China and other countries, if you buy from Iran, we will not let you do any business in this country, and we will put tariffs on every product you do send in of 100% or more.
They think she wants to be tough with Russia. So she said well, Donald Trump likes Putin. I don't know Putin, folks. I don't know. I hope I like him, I hope he likes me because I'd love to get along with Russia. OK? [Applause]
They couldn't do a thing about it. It was amazing. So, we got that passed in Congress, if you can believe it. They were trying for 30 years to get it passed. I also signed Veterans Choice and made that permanent. We got that passed in Congress also, which was really a big deal. That was a big deal. You have choice.
Thank you, Steve. So just remember, a vote for Steve Chabot is a vote to protect your family, your jobs, and your country. Now, Steve's winning. Nice poll numbers. But don't take any chances. Get out and vote, please, OK? No chances. We don't want to hear about any upsets. He's a great, great guy. If you want to stop the radical Democrats, if you want to stop Nancy Pelosi from becoming speaker -- can you believe it -- and you have to get out and vote for Steve.
You know, usually if you get indicted, here's what happens. You go to the mic. I have decided to resign from office today, and I am going back to my family, and I will fight for my name. That's the last you ever hear of the poor guy, right? This is about 100% of the time when they get indicted. They get indicted all the time.
You got ramps. You got everything. Here, you only have two or three stairs. Sometimes, you have six or seven stairs. It's the craziest thing. What a waste of money. My father would say, "What the hell are they doing? All you need is one stair." But for Biden, you need many. But when I imitate him with the stairs because he never can find his way up. You ever see Secret Service runs up and grabs him and helps him off the stage?
When I'm elected President, we will suspend the Syrian refugee program and we will keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country, 100%. We have no choice. We have no choice. But we all have big hearts and we will build safe havens in Syria and we'll get the Gulf states, they have nothing but money.
Say goodbye to Hawaii. No, it's crazy, isn't it, though? But I don't want to knock it. All of these things have to be st- -- it's too soon. It's too soon. Let it go. Let -- let it seed. Like -- just like our great agenda has to seed like a tree. It has to seed. Let the Green New Deal seed. And then about two months before the campaign ends, I will rip that sucker like you have -- . We'll let it seed, the Green New Deal.
And these creations will be branded with a very simple but very beautiful phrase, made in the USA. [Applause] We have it in our power to build this future together, a future of patriotism, prosperity and pride. We all share one home and one glorious destiny. And whether we are young or old -- I feel very young, do you feel young? [Applause]
It's a whole different world. It can't be -- we can't allow this to happen. They're destroying our country. November 5th, 2024, will be liberation day in America. On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program of criminals in American history. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered.
How does that work? And I said, you have to pay. They ended up putting up more than $430 billion because I asked. Now I ask the right way. I remember during a meeting, one of the presidents of one of the European countries stood up, and it was a closed-door meeting. He said, "May I ask you a question, Mr. President?" Yes. "If we don't pay, we're not paid up, and we're attacked by Russia, will you defend us?" I said, you mean you're delinquent?
But I think they have some good leadership. I think a lot of unions are coming our way. But these millions and millions of people that are coming from prisons, coming from prisons and jails, you know, there is a slight difference, OK? They're coming from prisons and jails, mental institutions and insane asylums, like Silence of the Lamb.
Isn't that nice? We're fighting for all Americans, from all backgrounds of every age, race, religion, birthplace, color, creed. We're fighting for ourselves. We're fighting for all Americans. And what is it, America first? Remember, it's America first. [Audience chants USA] Our agenda is not a partisan agenda, although some people say it is. [Audience member calls out We love you] Every once in a while it does become that way.
And chairman of the Texas Republican Party, Abraham George, thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Good job. So, just in closing -- thank you, Abraham. Great job. Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will put -- and I don't like saying that.
With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state, we will expel the warmongers from our government. We will drive our the globalists, we will cast out the communists, Marxists, and fascists. We will throw off the sick political class that hates our country. We will route the fake news media, we will drain the swamp, and we will liberate our country from these tyrants and villains once and for all.
I will seek a foreign policy that all Americans, whatever their party, can support, and which our friends and allies will respect and welcome.
I said, "You must give them to us." They said, "No." I said, "You have to give them to us." They said, "No." I said, "You will. Don't worry about it, you will." They said, "No, we're not." And then they sent their top negotiator, good negotiator, very handsome guy, nice guy, beautiful. He looked like Cary Grant.
So when it came time to picking the important position of ambassador, I said, "Haven't you had enough after 24 years being governor of Iowa?" He said, "If you want me to do that." And it's been a great -- you've been a great help. Thank you very much, Ambassador. I appreciate it. Done a great job.
You've got to end it. You know, they said they picked up the House in '18, but I didn't run in '18. You know, big difference when you run, '16 I ran in '18 I didn't run, and they did. They picked up -- they picked up some seats. I didn't run, but I'm running this time and we've got to take back the House and Kevin McCarthy will be a great Speaker of the House.
Carla is no longer with us. Carla is no longer with us. Carla is no longer with us. He's been - carla, is no longer with us. He's been - carla, is no longer with us. He's been using a false thing. He had a long felony using a false thing. He had a long felony using a false thing. He had a long felony record in Texas and he wasn't - he wasn't record in Texas and he wasn't - he wasn't record in Texas and he wasn't - he wasn't deported.
They are both very unpopular people. I'm not unpopular. He is unpopular. He is unpopular. But I am not unpopular when 95% in the Republican Party and a lot of Democrats are going to vote for us because they don't want to have open borders and drugs for everybody. Okay, they don't want to have it. They don't want to have a nation- [Audience chants "We love Trump"] -- that's not respected and wars to take place.
They're all leaving and they'd still be occupying Seattle, except they found out that we were going in the morning that they all raised their hands. The reason they raised their hands is we were going in that morning. We're going to take over -- can you believe it? We're going to take over the -- the section, the large section of Seattle that these anarchists had.
Two Senators, they get it. They really get it, and they're warriors. Marco Rubio and Mike Lee. [Applause] Thank you, Marco. Thank you, Mike. Thank you. Two great guys, and they are warriors, too. Representatives Eli Crane and Andy Biggs. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you, fellas. Thank you, Eli. Thank you.
Now we've done 14 million tests. The second country is at 3 million and less than 3 million -- Germany, South Korea. And they've done a good job, but we're at 14 million tests, and the tests are the best of all.
You're going to hear about them in two seconds. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, illegal crossings are down 75% since May. We have ended catch and release. Catch and release, do you know what catch and release is? We catch them, we take down their name, and then, we release them. What kind of crap is that?
American hands will rebuild this nation, an American energy mined by our miners and other American sources including right here in Pennsylvania, so important will power our nation. American workers will be hired to do the job and we will start making things again and we will start winning again. We will put new Pennsylvania steel into the spine of this country.
And you know the interesting thing with farmers? I've had many meetings with farmers in my office. When things have been -- they don't want help. They just want to be able to do their thing. Others are always asking for, "Give us money. We want -- " They don't want help. I could tell you stories where I offered things.
And I just saw a poll just a little while ago, a real poll -- you know, they have fake polls. They do suppression polls. You know what a fake poll is. It's called a suppression. They make you think you can't win, so you go to see a movie. Don't go to see a movie. Remember me? They said, I don't know, it's going to be impossible for Donald Trump to get 270. We can't envision it.
And I took a deep breath and I said, let's go. Because we have to do it. You know, it takes guts. Running for president, believe me, it takes guts. It takes a lot of guts. Believe me. And even for the politicians, they run at least they're out on the line. And then you see the dishonesty. You see where I won Louisiana and then I find out that I'm not supposed to get as many delegates as a person that I beat.
I've been saying it for a long time. We passed the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. The Democrats want to raise your taxes, tell me about that, tell me about that. I guess I'm old fashioned, you know, all my life, all my life. I heard politicians want to lower taxes, not raise it. If you could lower them, you couldn't lose.
Now you won't have any -- you guys know that, that's a big deal -- that's a big deal, Jeff and Steve and everybody. That's a big deal, because people were leaving their farms, they go out, they mortgage their farms, then they end up -- the kids end up going through hell and losing their farms. So now you won't have to go to the bank, borrow money, put a mortgage on. But here's the thing.
We were going to get out with dignity and strength. We weren't going to leave people behind, and we weren't going to leave equipment behind, 85 -- think of it. $85 billion worth of brand-new equipment we left, and they're one of the largest sellers right now of military equipment in the world. They left 70,000 trucks, many of them armor-plated, 700,000 rifles.
You know, the goggles, they weren't -- you know, they're great fighters, but they never fought at night because they couldn't see at night. Now they can fight at night because we left them the best goggles, brand new, never taken out of the box, and better than what we have, thousands and thousands of goggles.
So they knew -- you know, it's one thing they made a mistake, but they knew. We can't do things like that anymore. And by the way, on Bergdahl, I say the other day. No time. They don't want to give me any time. They're letting them out. They're not gonna not only not shoot him. They let him out. They said, well, he's been through a lot.
In three years and including energy, because look at the saving, how are you doing at the gas pump? Not so bad, right? Did you ever see that? Did you ever think that was going to happen? In three years, so that was less than 3,000 over 16, in three years, you went up $10,000, including energy. We lifted 6.6 million people out of poverty, the largest property reduction in the first three years of any president in the history of our country.
Space force turned out to be a very important thing. I said from the beginning, you know when Biden came into office, he wanted to terminate it, he said and this thing called Space Force, so we can get rid of that. And he got hammered by the people in this room for even suggesting it because it's very important.
Sorry about this, women, but the employment rate has reached the lowest level in only 65 years. It'll be history soon. It'll be. It'll be history soon. Give us about two more weeks. [Audience Chants]
Iran is taking over the oil. They've taken over Iraq. I mean, what we are doing is so incredible. There's nothing like what we've done. We're destroying ourselves. We're losing our jobs. We're losing our base. We're losing everything. And it's not going to happen anymore. It's not going to happen anymore.
he's going back home to mommy. Oh, is he in trouble. He's in trouble. He's in trouble.
And the Supreme Court, they rule against me so much. You know why? Because the story is, I haven't spoken to any of them, any of them, since virtually they got in. But the story is, that they're my puppet, right, that they're puppets. And now the only way they can get out of that because they hate that it's not good in the social circuit.
Well, thank you very much, Klaus. And hello to everyone in beautiful Davos. This has been a truly historic week in the United States. Three days ago, I took the oath of office and we began the Golden Age of America. The recent presidential election was won by millions of votes in all seven, every one of them, all seven swing states.
He's been an incredible congressman. He was a politician and various things. He went on to become a great congressman. He is so respected in Washington. And the only bad thing when he said he's going to do this, at my suggestion, I said, Lou, I'm telling you, you can win. And he said, well, if you think it's important.
You know what this is? Nellis. Nellis Air Force Base. You're going to have nice new plans. Nellis Air Force Base. Did you ever see where our fighter jets are so old that we can't get parts anymore for them? These are planes and service they're so old, we can't get parts. That's going to change.
In conclusion, our MAGA, Make America Great Again, movement to make America great again, I told that the other day I was saying, "Please tell Biden don't hit MAGA. It means make America great again. What's to hit?" Can you imagine they go after Make America Great Again? But that tells you, sir, it's by far the greatest political movement in the history of our country, probably in the history of almost all countries.
Exclusion is a protest. And they didn't even use the word peaceful. I do, 'cause I like to make it sound a little only thing you could do is you could protest. You could riot in the streets of Minneapolis, burn down their stores. You could beat the hell outta people. You could do whatever you want. So I said, I have an idea.
I'm going to stop foreign cheating, the product dumping, which by the way, is killing your steel industry, and in this case has already killed much of your steel industry. How many people agree with me that China -- because this is such a big steel area, or was -- we're gonna bring it back, don't worry about it.
And you're going to see tremendous results very quickly. The best way to reduce gun violence is to put criminals with firearms behind bars. And just so you understand, because I think there is no stronger protector than me: We will always protect our Second Amendment. Always. My administration has also curtailed the harmful and intrusive use of federal consent decrees, which wrongly give meddlesome officials in Washington, D.C., immense authority to tie down local police departments and make it very difficult to do their work.
No. No. They're not. Thank you. No. We're not getting the nice ones. We're not getting -- we're getting people that levels of crime and violence and viciousness like you've never seen before. They make our criminals look like nice people. They look like nice people. These people know it better than anybody.
Trucks? What do you think, Ted? I don't think so, right? I don't think so, and many of them armor plated, costing millions of dollars, millions of dollars. Now Biden is continuing his surrender parade, begging Iran to reenter the disastrous nuclear deal that I terminated very proudly and very powerfully.
Now, you can't do anything with these lunatics. Under a Harris presidency, 423,000 Pennsylvania jobs are linked to fracking, they'd all be demolished. She's against fracking. She's not going to allow you to frac. She's not going to allow you to frac. And the only reason they're allowing it now -- you know, they cut it way back.
They were having a little problem, right? But they're hot. People are loving their law enforcement more than ever before because we respect you at the highest level. We respect you. And the job you do is incredible -- and dangerous -- but it's incredible. We will strive to give every child a loving home, and every home a thriving future.
And he says, "Do you want me to say a few more words?" I said, "Go ahead, Bobby." So, I moved out. Not exactly the way you would imagine, but I said, "Whatever it may be." And he said, "Listen. Here's the story. If we have problems, this is the only guy that's willing to bomb the hell out of the enemy. He'll bomb them at a level that nobody's ever seen before, and that's all I have to say.
I don't think so. I don't think so. You know, that's a good reason not to vote for Sleepy Joe, too, right? You don't want to do that. You want to have we all want to see that happen someday, but we don't want this to be the one. Right. But they're waging war on our police. You know that. You police what?
Number one, they don't have the business up here. They don't have it. Number two, they're controlled by the lobbyists, special interests, and their PACs. They're totally controlled. So, I will do such a good job. Here's the thing. The American dream -- and I say it. The American dream is largely dead. It is because between the regulations and the problems and all of the things.
And they are vicious if you're in their path. It's -- bad things happen. It's -- really, bad things happened. I went to Alabama nine months ago, and I saw the devastation that that left an Alabama too. And everybody was so incredible. The people were so incredible. But so many people get killed if you're in the path.
Turn it up. They never ever show it. They don't like to show it. You know what they do show? Barack Hussein Obama yesterday, they made the mistake -- [Audience boos] -- the cameras slipped and they showed his crowd, he had about 20 people there. Barack Hussein. Which was about 10 people more than Sleepy Joe had yesterday.
And common sense. But we forget about tax cuts. We gave you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. And I tell friends of mine that are running for office, we've got to stop bringing up tax cuts. It's almost like, eh -- we just did it. And we also got rid of the individual mandate, the most unpopular thing, where you have the privilege of paying a fortune for having a second privilege of getting bad health care also for a fortune.
It was, like on fire, you all saw it. It was great. And she said to me, she said, "Darling, how did you do?" I said, "I did great." I said, "Did you see the arena?" She said, "No, they never showed the arena." You know? [Audience Boos] You know that guy Dana White at UFC? Well, you know, I won't tell you about him yet, but he's a brilliant guy, right?
We had the greatest border, most secure, safest border in the history of our country. We built 561 miles of wall. Nobody likes to say that. You know, what they do is, if there's like a board laying there from 50 years ago or 100 years ago, a two by four that's rotted, they'll say, "It wasn't a new build. It was renovation." If they had steel rotting in the sand that was a foot tall that fell over, they would say, "Oh, that was a renovation." Now, we did a great job with the wall.
New heights of glory, that's what's going to happen when we win the election. And we're really -- well, look, the ball's in our hand. All we have to do is get out the vote tomorrow. You get out the vote, they can't do anything about it. We win. One of their top people just got on television. I was coming in, and they said these are not looking good, these numbers, for them.
I see him on television. Everyone loves him. The ratings go up. I shouldn't say Democrat. So I refuse to say it, State Representative Vernon Jones. Man, oh man. Great job. I love this guy. He's got guts. He saw me a couple of times, he said, "That's what we need. I mean, we, we can't have sleepy Joe." Thank you.
They were farmers and soldiers, cowboys and factory workers, steelworkers and coal miners, police officers and pioneers who pushed onward, marched forward and let no obstacle defeat their spirit or their pride. Together, they laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, built great highways, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism and triumphed over every single challenge that they faced.
And I said how is it possible to win? And God helped me, honestly, because I won in a landslide. I won by almost 20%, so and now, they're doing it here, Club for Growth. It's a crooked outfit. Look, Club for Growth. Do you ever hear this Club for Growth? A friend of mine comes, would you, he's a conservative guy, calls, would you do me a favor and see Club for Growth?
And, you know, there's walls around and I walk into walls. Kidding. It's sarcasm. It's like -- it's truth. I mean, he walks into stages, he falls down. I bet I not ever fall down because I'll -- they'll say, "He said we just don't want to fall down. You have to keep yourself from falling down. You just have to be careful." But he'd walk into walls and everything.
Remember, it's the Harris/Biden administration, when he said that. "The Harris/Biden-" No, no, Joe, you're supposed to go first, Joe. But Harris, and the radical left, and she is radical left. She's further than I guess you could say Bernie is a conservative by comparison, right? No, she's the most far left.
There were none. That was the intelligence agencies. They're real -- real beauties. It's less safe now. It's less secure, less stable, and they fight. That is what they do; they fight. The generals came to me in Afghanistan. "Sir, it will be a rough spring." "Why?" My first year. "Why?" "Well, sir, the Taliban is going to come out of the mountains and they're going to start fighting." I said, "But why do you say 'rough.'" "Well, that's what they do. They've done this for 1,000 years.
They've been working on that one for 45 years, we got it passed. I'm good at getting things passed. My whole life -- oh, and we're going to get the wall passed. Don't worry about that, don't worry about that.
Pro-life. We want -- we want, starts with that. Starts with that. Very conservative, very, very smart. I mean like Judge Scalia would be a perfect, you know that, he was like a perfect -- he was a perfect representative. I've always said that Justice Thomas. Does he get enough credit? He's a wonderful man.
But she committed a crime, in my opinion. Now, she shouldn't be allowed to run. She's being protected, absolutely. I have little doubt that they're going to find anything but they've already found it. I mean, you watch television, you have all these big scholars coming, these lawyers. Yes, she violated section so-and-so. Just one after another.
And in all fairness, that's during a pandemic. And we're rounding the corner of the pandem -- but that's during a pandemic. Think of that. If Biden -- Thank you, too. W -- I don't know, he's, well, he's gotta have his -- They're back there. Look at that, you can't even see, you can't even see, no, it's, like, you can't even see the end of people.
I believe it is."] Thank you. And have I ever met you before? No. But you're very nice. Thank you. Nice to meet you. Somebody has got a very nice wife. I don't know who she is, but she's got a very nice wife. So I'm on the front page in New York Times. The first sentence says I wear a toupee, and I don't. I swear to you I don't. OK. Now it goes on and it gets worse, by the way.
I talked about opportunity zones. I said, "I wonder if we could get him in from Washington." He travels very quickly because he does happen to be with us. And he gave me a tremendous endorsement two days ago, and he's going to say a few words to you. And he's a highly respected gentleman and he's a wonderful friend.
They're not doing it for us, but they're doing it for, let's say, everybody. And we have an incredible country and we saved our energy industry, our energy jobs, and we are energy independent and it's a beautiful thing. And by the way, I also made a little promise, most of you won't understand. For those people in the Ethanol world, you could use the pumps.
If you're going to get hurt and if you're going to drive like a maniac do it tomorrow after you vote. And I promise, I will come and visit you in the hospital, I promise. No, guys, I'm only kidding. I want you to be -- I want you to be careful. But look it's so important that we take care of our vets. Our vets are being treated so badly.
Look, they never turn the cameras. I go home, I say to my wife, how did the crowd look? They only show your face. They never move the camera. But you know what? She can tell by the sound, because... True. She can tell by the sound, because, you know, if you have, like, let's say, one of the normal presidents walk in. We've had a lot of normals.
You have seats and yet you're standing. That's excitement, right? Look at this guy. I won't tell you. I won't tell you. You know it's interesting. The last time, a couple of days ago, I gave -- [Inaudible] I love you too, darling. Who said that? Some -- awww so beautiful. Thank you, honey. I love you too.
You got a lake snakes a lot. They got some rough country, but we need and what we need we'll have done. But they can't do this, they can't let this happen, and we've been very tough with them, I'll be honest. Mexico made $100 billion on average over the last 10 years, a hundred billion. They took 30%, almost, of our automobile business.
And I just heard, they made a deal with South Korea to pay a cost of living adjustment. You know what that is? Nothing. When the money I raised, it's like nothing. And that's, so they were, that was another country, I'm sure, that was extremely happy with the results. But I did a great job in protecting them.
But we've brought many home, but we don't pay. You pay -- once you pay, uh, your numbers will go up a thousand fold. We're boldly standing up to China. We achieved the most secure border in American history, our southern border. We have attained, in just a short period of time, American energy independence.
Get out and vote. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. [Applause]
But Vietnam is doing a number on China and Mexico is going to be the new China because what they're doing to us is unbelievable, although, they did catch El Chapo. Good? Good? They did catch El Chapo. That's good. I mean, I don't know. He'd better not escape a third time. You know he's -- those tunnels, bing, boom, right under the toilet, bing, boom, right up. It's pretty amazing when you think about it, right?
And I always said, "I don't want to be Herbert Hoover." You know, people tell me, "What would you like --" I said, "The one thing I don't want to be, I don't want to be Herbert Hoover." Because he was the president when the depression came, and that was not good. That was not a good thing. And that's one -- the only thing -- the only reason I'm happy that this has been found out now is that, now, I can fix it.
But I went to this great business school and I get business, and I fully understand, I'm really good at this stuff. So they're building a $2.5 billion plant, they're gonna close factories in here, I said, they're gonna go and they're gonna build this plant, and they're gonna sell cars, they're gonna sell them back to us, they're, gonna sell them all over. Where does that help us? Tell me, explain, explain. There's no tax.
We're not going to use political hacks to negotiate the biggest deals. The other thing is, Carl Icahn, many of the great -- Phil's another one, but Carl Icahn. Many of the greatest business leaders in the country have endorsed me.
In winning the Cold War, President Ronald Reagan repeatedly touted the superiority of freedom over communism and called the USSR the Evil Empire. Yet when President Obama delivered his address in Cairo, no such moral courage could be found or would be found. Instead of condemning the oppression of women and gays in many Muslim nations, and the systematic violations of human rights, or the financing of global terrorism, President Obama tried to draw an equivalency between our human rights record - and remember this, our human rights - and theirs. The records are unbelievable and unmistakable.
So, Zuckerberg, right, $417 million. You know, if you're involved in politics and if you give $0.10 more than $5,600, they put you in jail. This guy gave $417 million, and they're doling it out all over the country. It's a disgrace. The only possible reason for Democrats to support such a bill is that they want to enable cheating and fraud on a massive scale like you've never seen before.
No? No? Not too many in The villages. You don't -- you're not big on socialism down here, right? These geniuses -- these real estate geniuses that know we're not -- not too good. Every one of these plans involves rationing care, restricting access, denying coverage, slashing quality, and massively raising taxes.
And by the way, this is our final shot, folks. In four years, it's over. You're never going to be able to win. You're never going to be able to win. It's tilting. It's going to be a one-party system. This is your final shot for the Supreme Court, for your Second Amendment. I mean, this is your final shot, November 8th.
John, please. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. I think John agrees with me on Sam, what Sam has done and what he's given up. He's a big hero. He really is a big hero. Another great one is Wesley Hunt of Texas. Stand up, Wesley. Wesley's fantastic. He's a great guy. Mark Amodei of right here, right around here.
So we face many challenges, but this is truly an exciting time to be alive. The script is not yet written. We do not know what the page will read tomorrow except for those very young people, right? They're gonna be happy. You're gonna be very very happy, the young ones, huh? We're gonna make sure. I think if we had a different result, they wouldn't have been so happy.
Shortly after that, in Germany, a refugee armed with an ax wounded five people in a gruesome train attack. Also, this summer, an ISIS killer invaded a Christian church in Normandy and forced an 85-year old priest to his knees and slit his throat right before his congregation. Overseas, ISIS has carried out one unthinkable atrocity after another.
It's true. A great Senator from Tennessee, they have early voting, and I was in Pennsylvania making a speech, and he saw me because he had a couple of great Congressman friends from Pennsylvania, and he said you know, in Tennessee, we have very early voting, and I just left and I've been doing this for 24 years -- and I've got to be honest with you.
Don't ever call a woman beautiful because that'll be the end of your political career. Please. I want to make your life much easier, David. By the way, he's also got a great wife, I have to say. He's got a great wife. But you know, I mean, I read a so-called Republican, who Ronald Reagan didn't like by the way and she didn't like him, but she got credit for being this Reagan speechwriter.
Implementing complete curriculum transparency so that parents have the right to see 100% of the material their children are being taught in school. And very importantly, adopting a program of universal school choice. Everybody wants school choice. At the same time, I refuse to abandon our public school systems as leftist dominated systems.
Kamala Harris got you into this mess and only Trump is going to get you out of it. We're going to get you out of it. But by far, one of the biggest factors in destroying California has been mass illegal immigration and a governor that plays right into their hands. What a shame. What a shame. She got it started, Kamala got it started.
U.S. beef has been shipped to Brazil for the first time ever.
Yet, these brave ICE officers have been subjected to shameless attacks by leading members of the Democrat Party, including outrageous calls to abolish ICE. And also, they're not a big help to us in law enforcement. They don't want to give us the kind of funds that you people are requesting. But you're getting them anyway because we're giving them to you. But they fight us at every turn. The Democrats fight us at every single turn. Whether it's law enforcement or military, they fight us at every turn. But we win.
You put your heart and soul into fighting for our party and for our country, and it's a true honor, and it really is a great privilege and honor to address the legendary Lilac Luncheon at your largest event ever. I hear this is the largest one. And none of the candidates that follow me will top it. I'm pretty sure about that. [Audience cheers]
But you look at father judge, and I'll tell you, look at father judge and I'll tell you, look at father judge and I'll tell you what that was. Some guy and he went up what that was some guy and he went up what that was some guy and he went up there to pray and he knew what was going there to pray and he knew what was going there to pray and he knew what Was going to happen and he died and he died to happen and he died and he died to happen and he died.
And even though it's only a few days, we've done it in record numbers. We've issued executive orders to build the Keystone and Dakota pipelines. [Applause] And issued a new requirement for American pipelines to be made with American steel and fabricated in the United States. [Applause]
Sorry for all your congressmen, but that's the truth. It's been there for a long time. But when I first ran, it was very high. And I'm very honored to say that I've revealed something that people just didn't know, but it's never been like it is now. It's never been like it is now. If I renounced my beliefs, if I agreed to stay silent, if I stayed at home and just took it easy, the persecution of Donald Trump would stop immediately.
Western and South Korean music is banned. Possession of foreign media is a crime punishable by death. Citizens spy on fellow citizens, their homes are subject to search at any time, and their every action is subject to surveillance. In place of a vibrant society, the people of North Korea are bombarded by state propaganda practically every waking hour of the day.
They couldn't find people who believed in them. And one of the great things that happened is I, and my administration, and a lot of very talented people that work with me, we created the strongest economy in the history of our country. We have the best unemployment numbers. We have the best unemployment numbers for African American.
All our communities, from all backgrounds, are ready for some relief. This is not an act of offense against anyone; it is an act of defense.
All of those people that have been killed would be alive today. All of those cities that are just absolutely demolished would be up, would be prosperous. I am the only candidate who can make this promise, and the promise is, I will prevent World War III. Nobody else is going to be able to do it. I will totally obliterate the deep state.
But you know what? You know what? They're building right now a tremendous fortress in the South China Sea. They're not supposed to be doing it, but they're doing it because they have no respect for Obama, they laugh at Hillary, they think -- they think Hillary's a joke, she's a joke. [Applause]
But Tom Homan said it today. He said in his lifetime, we had the best border that we've ever had under Trump. And now, we have the worst border that any country has ever had. But it's bad timing for Kamala. Nobody knows her as Harris. You ever use the name Harris? Say, Harris. Nobody knows who the hell I'm talking about when I say Harris.
I watch them now, "I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do that." Why the hell didn't he do it? Why didn't he do it? Sleepy Joe, and that was when he a little bit, uh, little bit better, little bit more awake. He's gonna do what he hasn't done in 47 years. I'm gonna do -- that was so easy that debate, because it hit me. "I am, I am going to do this." And I just kept saying, "Joe, why didn't you do it?" You know, and it was three and a half years ago.
I want to thank Sean McGarvey and the entire governing board of presidents for honoring me with this great invitation. And I love that it's in Washington, because I don't have to travel very far. Worked out pretty well, I have to tell you. Five minutes.
No more Merry Christmas. I will tell you, lots of big things, lots of little things. You can call this anything you want. But if I become president, we're all going to be saying Merry Christmas again. That I can tell you. That I can tell you. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Now, you know, some of the candidates running, including Hillary, the other day -- I mean, can you imagine Hillary being -- can you imagine? [Audience responds "No"]
You're going to hurt the infrastructure of the oil." Hey, we're in Texas. I've seen what those companies at your companies can do in about 12 minutes. They'll rebuild that infrastructure so fast with you folks building it. It's incredible, so fast they'll build it so fast and so good just bombed the hell out of it and so everyone said, everyone said no. 'Cause you know.
Alabama Senate President pro tem Garland Gudger, Chancellor Sid Trant and members of the University of Alabama Board of Trustees. But most importantly, and they would agree with this, let's give a big round of applause to your incredible parents, grandparents, and family members, because they made this wonderful day possible.
And I said, don't be surprised. You know, a lot of people, Hispanics are here. They've gone through a long process. They're here, Tim, legally. They're here legally. They have their houses. They have their jobs. They don't want people flooding the country. They don't want this to happen. And so I'm doing very well.
You would just have to ask Caterpillar tractor about that. Caterpillar tractors have been having a very hard time competing with the yen because they devalue the yen. The dollar goes up, the yen goes down. They can't compete. They can't compete. Look what's happening to Caterpillar. Look at John Deere. I love John Deere.
We must abandon the failed policy of we must abandon the failed policy of nation-building and regime change that nation-building and regime change that nation-building and regime change that Hillary Clinton pushed in Iraq in Libya, Hillary Clinton pushed in Iraq in Libya, Hillary Clinton pushed in Iraq in Libya, in Egypt and in Syria, instead, we must in Egypt and in Syria, instead, we must in Egypt and in Syria.
So unconstitutional. That was where you have the privilege of paying a lot of money so that you don't have to pay for health care because you're not going to get it, OK? So you pay not to have to pay for health care, in other words, you're not going to get health care. You pay for the privilege, they give it.
Got to buy Time Magazine first and then check out Trump Tower and then log on and then come on to @realDonaldTrump. You know it's great. This stuff is great. This Twitter, it's so incredible. I have like between Twitter and Facebook and Instagram, I have like, 11 million or 12 million followers, 11 million.
You're going to see a difference like you've never seen before. And when we defend all these countries in NATO -- I'm all for NATO. But you know what? We have a lot of the countries in NATO, they're not paying us. They're supposed to be paying us. They're not living up to their deal. You know, in the old days when I used to collect rent in Brooklyn, we'd say -- I'd say, yeah dad, they're delinquent.
I don't want to do that. I feel like sort of want to do that. I feel like sort of want to do that. I feel like sort of guilty when I ask these people for guilty when I ask these people for guilty. When I ask these people for endorsements, I don't want to do that endorsements. I don't want to do that endorsements.
And in that group you have terrorists. You're going to be paying the price for a long time for what they did. 3% of the people were entitled to come out. They rushed the airplanes. 28 people fell off the side of the airplane from 3,000 feet up. That's three times the height of the Empire State Building. They fell off the side of the airplanes. 28 people.
But I don't want them coming into this country. I don't want to because we don't know who they are. We don't know who they are. Them with their printing presses that now do the forged -- the forged passports, OK? You heard about that. So we don't know. So the bottom line on that, it's such an interesting question.
He hit her with two jabs, and she said, "I'm out." How crazy is it? The weightlifters are great though because they put a quarter of an ounce here, a quarter of an ounce here, and she goes -- by the way, first lady of the United States hates when I do this. She says it's so damn unpresidential. I said, "But the people like it." Right, Marjorie?
America will -- and you know this, you know this -- America will land a woman, and be the first, right? On The Moon. And the United States will be the first nation -- first nation -- to land an astronaut on Mars. We've already started the process. And NASA, now, is the leading space center in the world, times 10. There's nothing even close.
And some people agree with me, some people -- but, if you want to stay in, if you want to do what you're doing, you do it. If you wanna get out, you wanna be careful and socially distanced and the things and -- you can wear a mask if you can't socially distance, but there are a lot of things you can do. But some people want to stay in, and that's okay.
We have to. And together, we'll stop the human traffickers, which are horrible. They traffic in women mostly and children, but women mostly because of the internet. It's a big business. It's a big business. It's going to be bigger than the drug business, they think. The internet has caused a problem.
At 1 percent growth, renewable sources of energy can meet some of our domestic demand. But at 3 or 4 percent growth, which I expect, we need all forms of available American energy, or our country... [Applause] ... will be at grave risk of brownouts and blackouts. Our businesses will come to a halt in many cases. And the American family will suffer the consequences in the form of lost jobs and a very diminished quality of life.
Is it expensive?" He says, "Absolutely not. We're in Jerusalem. We can buy it for pennies." So, the whole building is made out of Jerusalem stone. Isn't that great? It's good, little bits of stone. But I did something else. We got it built. That thing would have never been built, the $2 billion building.
And we go away on Monday. We appoint and go away, and I'll see lots of people. I'll see NATO and I'm going to tell NATO -- you got to start paying your bills. The United States is not going to take care of everything. We're paying for anywhere from 70 to 90 percent to protect Europe, and that's fine.
If we want to renew our prosperity, restore our opportunity, and reestablish our economic dominance -- which is what we should be doing -- when we need tax reform that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, pro-family, and, yes, pro-American. [Applause]
How does it help us? It's in Mexico. How does it help us? That they're going to make these cars and sell many of them into the United States along with trucks and parts. Where is it good for us? Now you know that they close factories in the United States in order to do this. So I went to the Wharton School of Finance, you went to your own schools, whether you went to school or not.
And now they want to go back into it, but a much worse version that's going to give nuclear weapons to Iran very, very shortly. It looks like they're just moving forward with it. Nobody's even talking to them. But the good news is we have China and Russia negotiating for us. Did you hear that one? You know that.
The Biden administration's action is an outrageous insult to the American people and to our country. The United States of America is the most just and virtuous nation in the world and the history of the world. And I'll tell you, you're not going to have a country very much longer. You're not going to have a country.
We're gonna bring the greatest people. So we have now, in fact, it's going to be announced next week some additional, 200-plus admirals and generals supporting us. Seventeen winners of the Congressional Medal of Honor, the recipients, these great recipients of the Congressional, 17. Almost every police organization in the country.
We can't let this happen.
One of the most highly respected people in your state, Justice Gableman said rampant fraud and abuse occurred statewide, and he went on to excoriate the election. And what happened? Where is Michael? Where is he? Michael, stand up please. Thank you. Michael Gableman took great courage because a lot of judges and justices didn't have the courage to say what they knew was true.
Remember, she said, "Oh, he's fine. He's fine." A great disservice to the American people because he's negotiating with Russia, China, and North Korea. He's negotiating with people that are probably in a state of shock. They say, "Can you believe this?" Because they're all at the top of their game. I know all of them.
The world is always safer when America has a strong president. America has to be strong, and it needs strong leadership. And you see what happens when you have bad, weak, or incompetent leadership. It's a travesty like nobody could believe could happen in such a short period of time. The world is always in danger with a weak American president.
Made it horrible and vicious, not even close. It's not like, gee, he missed a couple of words. He missed every word, he missed every. He made it up, it was fiction. It's unbelievable. And honestly, I don't know Congressman, but are you immune from something like that? That should be a crime. That should be a crime.
I want to bet on that guy in the future. Thank you very much, great job. I hear you're doing a great job. We're doing, all right? Good. Thank you, Pat. Ambassador Terry Branstad. OK, can I -- do we have time for one quick story about Branstad, OK? Because his son Eric is even better than him, but I'm not going to talk about it, and here's a guy that doesn't mind me saying.
It's true. In fact many people tell me that modesty is perhaps my best quality. [Laughter] Even better than my temperament. [Laughter] You know Cardinal Dolan and I have some things in common.
No matter what they did, you couldn't fire them because of lots of reasons. I won't blame civil service. I won't blame unions. I won't blame anyone. You couldn't fire them. And we got that done, and we also got it done where you can go out and get your own doctor, and we pay because some of the veterans, as you know, were online for weeks and months.
It was held for 11 years. And they were trying to break it by one-eighth of one second. And they had a woman, a great swimmer, and she was going to break it. Mr. Future Governor, I hope -- David, you're going to be the governor. I just wasted a hell of a lot of time here tonight. All right. David Perdue. David, they were going to break this record by one-eighth of one second.
You saw that. What a demolition it was. The Biden administration's willful and deliberate obliteration of America's borders, and immigration laws is a crime against this nation. We will not stop, and we will not rest until illegal policies are overturned. And there's so many of them. They work so quickly.
And you have to get your people to fight. And if they don't fight, we have to primaried the hell out of the ones that don't fight. You primary them. We're going to -- We're going to let you know who they are. I can already tell you frankly. But this year, using the pretext of the China virus and the scam of mail-in ballots.
She's raised -- she's voted for tax increases and by the way, she's proposing a big one today in her speech, her teleprompter speech. She's got -- she's got... [Laughter] [Applause]
That's lots of wars that's all combined. That's a lot of wars. Many of you were over there in many different capacities, in many different countries. That was a -- that's a big -- that's a big part of the earth. But if that works out, it would be eight plus I'm going to give myself two or three for that one.
They wake up the next morning and they couldn't care less. As Jim has said, Every time I leave the ranch, my wife doesn't know whether I'll ever return. I would like to ask Jim to come up and say a few words. Jim, please come up. Thank you. [Applause]
Hillary Clinton, who has been on the wrong side of history in every major decision, she's only made bad decisions, she's got bad judgment, she doesn't know what she's doing, folks. [Booing]
We protect Germany. We protect South Korea. When you want a television set. Who do you get it from? South Korea. Samsung, LG, you get it from South Korea. So we protect all. And the big ships they make. These are monster, monster economies. We protect them. They don't pay what they should be paying for not having to have this massive military apparatus that we supply and you know what?
Where are they coming from? I don't get it, right? Seriously. I don't get it. Sanctuary cities, imperil American lives by releasing dangerous criminal aliens directly into your communities. If you want to shut down sanctuary cities, if you want to protect your family and your loved ones, you must vote Republican in 2020, and you have some great ones here, Michael.
And yet nuclear weapons which would destroy the world immediately are never even discussed as a major threat. Can you imagine? They say the ocean will rise one eighth of an inch over the next 200 to 300 years. But don't worry about nuclear weapons that can take out entire countries with one shot. Something is wrong with their thinking.
It's just very important, even for foreign countries watching, but it's very important. That margin of victory is so, so powerful. Brenna was telling me before, she said, "Sir, you've got to say something about it because you are leading by a lot." And sometimes, when you're leading by a lot, everyone says, "Oh, why should I go and vote?" The margin of victory is so important.
And you know, our numbers are very good right now but wait until you see these numbers in two years from now. It will mean higher wages and more opportunity for millions of energy workers, HVAC technicians, engineers, electricians and the hard-working citizens who make our country run. These are great people that make our country actually run.
They have hatred. The toxic poison of antisemitism now courses through the veins of radical Democrat Party. I mean, this is a radical -- radical group of people. I never thought I'd see that either. They -- they have gone crazy. And instead of expunging this hatred, Kamala Harris is pandering to it. He wouldn't even meet Bibi.
Terry came up, fell in love with the people, fell in love with the location, fell in love with the concept here. You know, he's going to make robotics here. They're doing many other things including full television sets. They're doing many things here. And they'll do a lot of expansion.
How about where Biden did substantially better in the swing states than Barack Hussein Obama with the Black population now, even though he did terribly throughout the country. But in those five places, he did very well. You know about that, Louie? He did five places. He did very well beat Obama with the Black population.
But little did I realize that shortly thereafter I'd go to a place called West Virginia. And did they love Trump. Did you see those numbers? [Applause]
But his problem is not age. They keep saying that. His problem is that he's grossly incompetent. And by the way, 25 years ago, he was incompetent, too. He had the worst foreign policy judgment of any human being. And the Secretary of State said it. The Secretary of Defense said it. We're pleased to be joined tonight by some really incredible people, a woman who ran a fantastic race for governor of Arizona.
And if it was standing from previous generations, it would be falling down right now. When we have a soaring economy, millions of hardworking people can wake up every day excited to use their talents and provide their families, lift up their community, and strengthen our country. Here with us today are several tremendous workers who want to tell us what America's energy revolution means to them.
Yeah.
I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear and to hear the words I'm about to say. When we win... [Applause]
But the people on border -- Border Patrol are fantastic people, and ICE, these are fantastic people. They don't get enough credit. And they say, sir -- they say, sir, you have to be able to see through it. You have to see who's on the other side. So that went my idea of plank, you know, like from a parking garage, you can do 60 feet, 50 feet plank, but you just try and keep the graffiti off as much as possible, right?
The latest act of resistance is the op-ed published in the failing New York Times by an anonymous -- really an anonymous, gutless coward. You just look. He was -- nobody knows who the hell he is, or she, although they put he, but probably that's a little disguise. That means it's she.
I'm saving the suburbs. Unless you want a project near you. Did you ever see these things where they have the beautiful little houses and -- by the way, 30% of the people living in the suburbs are minority groups. African American, Asian American, Hispanic American. So it's their American Dream. It's their American Dream.
Working together, we will defeat this opioid epidemic. It will be defeated. We will free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. And, yes, we will overcome addiction in America. We are going to overcome addiction in America.
She's great. Linda McMahon. And I said, Linda, I really want you to do a great job, but you're really only doing a great job if you have no job by the time we finish. You have to create no job for yourself because we want this to go back to the states, and she agrees. And if we can do that, I think it's going to be one of the most important things we can do. So the governors, the people in this room, Democrat, Republican, will run their own school system and we'll back them 100 percent and we'll pay like we do now.
XXX you see what's going on? We tied because Scalia - this was not suppose to happen. Justice Scalia was going to be around for ten more years at least and this is what happens. That was a horrible thing.
But any Democrat that votes for this sham will be voting to sacrifice their house majority, their dignity and their career, OK? And some of these partisan lunatics have already said that if they fail this time, think of this, how about low-IQ Maxine Waters? How about Green? How about Green? With Green -- How about green, where he said, "We have to impeach him, because if we don't impeach him we're not going to win the election." This is what this is. What we're dealing with.
Right now it's a laughingstock. Amazon and these companies come and they drop all of their packages into the post office. And the post office loses just hundreds of billions of dollars delivering these packages. Let them deliver it or let them pay the right price. So that's it. But we're going to make our post office strong.
We're just nine months away from what could be the most important midterm victory in all of American history. Great people, including the people that we just mentioned. Our country is at stake, and we need a landslide so enormous that the radical Democrats cannot steal it no matter what they do. That's what we need.
I'm proud to have the support of war-fighting generals, active duty military and top experts who know both how to win and how to avoid endless wars that we're caught up in, like the one we have right now that just never ever ends, our longest war. Just yesterday, 88 top generals and admirals endorsed my campaign. And these people are fantastic. [Applause] In a Trump administration, our actions in the Middle East will be tempered by realism.
And you know, the more we win by, the better it all is, the mandate. You know, it's called the mandate. The more you can win by, the better it's going to be and the more important it is. And then we go to Nevada where we're we have a tremendous lead. But it's caucus. You never know what happens with caucus.
Amazing the way they went out. And I'll tell you something about North Carolina. So, I was one of the first people down -- maybe the first person, I followed him and I followed that sucker storm. I followed it. But then I said I better let him just get their stuff. And I figured FEMA would do a good job.
You stay in the hospital for a little while, like, about six weeks maybe. So, we had the people call, doesn't mean anything, because they're totally corrupt people, and they said, it's untrue. So, they brought it down from a massive, unbelievable heart attack. You know, it's very dangerous for them to do because the world, believe it or not, the rest of the world and the leaders, like and respect your President.
Since my inauguration, service members stationed throughout this region have terminated 83 major terrorists operating across Iraq, Syria and Somalia, including the number two, just recently global leader of ISIS. And I knocked out ISIS, as you know, in my term. They said it was going to take four years. I said why four years?
We've made a terror nation a very rich nation. More importantly, we've given them Iraq. We've handed to them -- they've been trying to get Iraq forever, as far back as you can go in time, they've wanted Iraq. And Iraq has by the way, people don't know, it's the second largest oil reserves in the world. So not only did Iran get this deal, but they got Iraq cur -- courtesy of the United States.
Isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't need a teleprompter? Isn't that nice? Isn't that -- look at it. Look at that. Would some of you like to go outside and let them take your place for a little while? I thought that would happen. She's flying them in now with migrant flights. So, we thought, you know -- she said, "We're going to sort of" -- so they tightened it up a little bit.
He was "Silence of the Lambs." Dr. Hannibal Lecter, he'd like to have you for dinner. See the man with the wall, stand up. Look at this guy. He's here so much. He's great. He's great. He's -- He's a Trump voter. I don't think we have to worry about him, do we? He's a Trump voter all the way, but Hannibal Lecter would like to have you for dinner.
Everybody knew he had to be deported. Everybody knew he had to be deported, everybody knew he had to be deported and he wasn't because the Obama deported and he wasn't because the Obama deported and he wasn't because the Obama administration had no mechanism to do it. Administration had no mechanism to do it.
But I want to get back to the Trump administration because the Trump administration is going to do things like has really never been done. We're going to clean this thing out. The good thing about this four-year period -- it's a horrible period. It's a shame it happened. It should've never happened. Shouldn't have happened.
Thank you very much. We believe that every precious child is born and unborn is the sacred gift from God. But you also had a great victory in the United States Supreme Court two days ago for supporters of a thing called the Second Amendment. Has anyone ever heard of the Second Amendment? I told you when I started my campaign, that I will protect the Second Amendment and nobody has protected it like me. And I especially want to commend the Justices for standing strong in the face of outrageous threats and even violence.
But that should have been with our prisoners -- day one, whatever it is years ago, we have to get our prisoners back. You don't want them. We need them. It will make us look better. Both everybody is going to like us more. With the American public, any deal that we strike, it's going to look good.
They're criminal aliens, along with an additional 222,000 illegals with pending criminal charges. Many of those charges also are murder, which will add on to your 13,000 murderers that were let into the country. That's over 647,572 migrant criminals who Kamala set loose to rape, pillage, thieve, plunder, and kill the people of the United States of America.
It's a sad thing. Now they wanna go to an EV. Everybody has to have an electric car. Isn't that wonderful? They don't go far. And by the way, that ends of the first day. First day, first day. And if you wanna buy it, you can buy one. And you know, I'm not knockin' it, ya know, if you wanna go three, four miles and then back home.
She unleashed ISIS. And at the debates, by the way, did I win the debate? Those debates. But I was a little concerned because she kept saying like a week and a half she's in debate prep. I kept saying, "What am I doing?" You know I don't mind debate prep but you're supposed to know this stuff you're not supposed to be prepping too much.
They'd go to a hotel. They'd have a conference room. That's my kind of guy right there. That's my kind of guy. No, nice president, they go to a hotel. They'd have a conference room, 300 people, 350, and that would be considered a success. They'd say, wow, that was a good success. That was worthwhile. We have -- the other night in Houston, the Houston Rockets, the arena, packed, set a new record.
Tonight, I also want to express my love and support for the -- all the families here on the panhandle, who were affected by Hurricane Sally and other recent storms. You've been hit a lot, but we're there. Whenever you get hit, I'm right behind that storm. Right behind that -- then we take care of them. We take of them.
With those regulations, all of your energy that you take out of the ground in the cleanest way, and that makes our nation wealthy, you couldn't do it. You wouldn't be allowed to do it. All of the miners that are here, all of the people that are here, all of the steelworkers, you wouldn't have your jobs back.
Today, It's too narrow, I think, they're, probably, after I'm gone, they won't have any columns. That's why eventually they got to support me. Eventually, the Times and The Washington Post, which will be dead as a doornail after I leave, and the CNN, it'll be an obsolete business. The cable business. MSDNC will be out of business.
You're way, way behind the eight-ball. Well, we're going to all bring it back for you. It's not going to be complicated and it's going to go very fast. So I'm the only candidate who can withstand the vicious media smear machine. It's a vicious group of people back there. And the dirty tricks that the Democrats have in store, because remember if I wasn't running, they'll do the same thing to whoever it is that is running, and you watch their wilt like little babies, they get a wilt, like a beautiful rose.
You're going to do a fantastic job. I saw your interviewed the other night. I watched it about 2:00 in the morning. It was a little thing called C-Span, which I don't know how many people were watching. Don't worry. You were on prime time too, but they happen to have a little rerun. I don't want to embarrass you, but fantastic job.
A few years ago, January Littlejohn, and her husband, discovered that their daughter's school had secretly socially transitioned their 13 year old little girl. Teachers and administrators conspired to deceive January and her husband while encouraging her daughter to use a new name and pronouns. They them pronouns, actually.
And if you can believe it, 59 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin. We are going to defeat Comrade Kamala Harris, and we are going to win the White House, that gorgeous, beautiful White House. We're going to win it, and we're going to turn this country around because this country is a failing nation right now.
Look at these great -- Will you stand up, please? These beautiful women have followed me. This is number 151, you could call a rally. This is sort of a rally. Let's face it. This is a rally. This is a, a speech of love. We're all, we all love our country. But that group is from North Carolina. They're up to about 151 visits.
Huh?
You're not going to have -- you'll build your plant, and you'll build your -- your -- essentially, you become a utility, in a way. You build your own electricity. If you want to build extra and put it out and get paid for that, you're going to be able to do that. You could put it back into the grid, but you're going to be able to build with your plant a generating facility.
And thanks as well. This is a great group. I recognize so many of you and are friends with so many of you, and it's a very powerful group. I didn't want to explain that to Miriam until she finished speaking. I didn't want to do anything to intimidate her. But she can't be intimidated, so it wouldn't have mattered.
Open it up, Governor. Right? Open it up, Governor. You gotta open it up. If Biden and Harris and the radical left gain power, they will collapse our economy and send our nation into a very steep depression. [Audience boos] They want to raise taxes at a level that nobody's ever heard of before. Biden will raise your taxes over four trillion dollars.
But with all of it, I could go over polls. I only give you good polls, okay? I never talk about bad polls, okay, you understand? But we don't have any bad polls. We really don't. And our best polls are against Biden, frankly. Our best polls. And the other people that were running and are running but are losing very substantially to Biden.
I'll tell you why." You know why? They went from that to saying, "Sir, we would be delighted to do whatever you like." Whatever you -- I said we're going to put 100 percent tariff on your cars if you don't do it. So, they said we'd love to have our people have -- we would love to have MS-13 gang members, criminals, people from mental institutions stay in our country. "
If you threaten America or our partners, however, then you'll be faced with overwhelming strength and devastating force. We have things that you don't even know about, you don't hear about and if you did, you'd say, wow. In recent weeks following repeated attacks on American ships and freedom of navigation in the Red Sea, the United States military launched more than 1,100 strikes on the Houthis in Yemen.
They're smart people, everyone from shift to Nadler to Schumer to Pelosi, they all knew there was nothing in there. I come to the great state of Pennsylvania and I said, "Oh, I need some help. Let me call, let's see, Russia, let's call Russia." It's the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on this country. From now, until November 3rd, 2020, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning.
Yes? Yeah. I'll tell you folks, I may be wrong. And on November 8th, I'll say, I guess I was wrong. But there's something going on. People are sick and tired of incompetent presidents like Obama. He's totally incompetent. They're tired of a press that doesn't tell the correct story, all right? The media, the dishonesty.
I really are. We're going to prove that all of their treasonous years of betrayal will not be forgotten. Because it's treason. What they did is treason. When they allowed millions of people to pour in through open borders from all over the world, they came. To me, that's treason. What they've done to our country is unthinkable.
The growth is so enormous. All the -- it all gets paid for by growth. Everybody wants a piece of our country. We're doing better. Every time -- practically, every time a foreign leader comes in to see me, whether it's Abe of Japan, whether it's Modi of India, I've become friends with all of them. You know, it's -- some of them are tough relationships because they've really been taken advantage of our country for many, many decades.
They think if a lot of people come, Trump wins by a lot. If they don't come, I won't win. I won't win. And if I don't win, maybe bad things happen. Who knows what happens? You know, they talk about the cascading effect. Don't we all like winning? We've got to win, OK? So look, get out on Monday caucus. I think the storm's going to be on Tuesday, I hope.
Soleimani is dead. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal, recognized the true capital of Israel, and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israeli sovereignship over the Golan Heights. They worked 52 years, and we got it done in two hours, approximately.
Fred Keller is a tough man, he's tough on crime. He loves our military, loves our police, he loves our vets and he will always protect patients and he will always go for like me, and I say it so strongly because the fake news doesn't want to say it. We will always protect pre-existing conditions, very important.
A long time. On that terrible Saturday morning, the world saw once again that the conflict between Israel and Hamas is not a conflict between two equal sides. This is a fight between civilization and savagery, between decency and depravity, and between good and evil. There is no comparison between a group that worships death and a group that cherishes life and cherishes our nation.
I mean, we're not going to have men playing in women's sports. Things -- we want to have a border. We want to have a border. We want to have good education. We want to have low taxes. We want to have a strong military. I rebuilt our military, then they gave away a big chunk of it to Afghanistan in the single most embarrassing day in the history of our country.
American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds. And we will put our great miners and steelworkers back to work. American hands will rebuild this nation -- and American energy, harvested from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.
I think they have a good home life. I'm not exactly sure. No, their husbands are great, but I appreciate it. It's like 251. Can you believe it? And we have Front Row Joes here, too. They've been to like 400. We got a lot of -- it's good to see you. These are great people. They're patriots, I will tell you.
And we also -- while we're at it, we signed the Accountability -- VA accountability. That's where people who don't love our vets -- if they don't take care of our vets, you couldn't do anything about it. Didn't -- you'd have to -- they'd have to live in hell with these vets with -- with the people that were supposed to be taking care of them. And we have a thing called VA Accountability. They're accountable now. If they don't treat our vets great, if they don't take care of our vets, if they don't love our vets, our country, we can fire them. We can say, "You're fired." [Applause] We can fire them. VA Accountability, that's a big thing. So VA Choice, VA Accountability.
And Michigan, which -- I'm going to win Michigan. We're going to win Illinois. We're going to win Indiana. We're going to win these states because I've been talking about it for years. These other guys they start talking about it and believe me, it's not going to work for them. Not going to work out so well.
It's also other countries. But net farm income has gone up by more than $30 billion dollars -- an increase of nearly 50 percent in just three years. Remember that. And the big stuff is yet to come. The big numbers, in my opinion, are yet to come. We are fixing problems and cleaning up messes that others have neglected for decades.
There's always The Art of the Deal and that's the real one, that's the original. That's when they used real paper, right? You know, said the other day because so many people they carry around The Art of the Deal because they're begging, they're begging their politicians, please, please read The Art of the Deal when you negotiate with China, and with Japan, and was Mexico, and with Vietnam, and with Saudi Arabia and with everybody. You know, right now we have a problem where North Korea is getting frisky, right? Now recently I ordered 4,000 television sets, I'd like to order them from here like the hats are made in America. Can you believe I was able to find the guy?
Thanks, Ash. And by the way, I just met your great U.S attorney. Where is he? Where is he? Thank you very much. You are doing a fantastic job. You are doing a fantastic job. Florida CFO Jimmy Patronis. Jimmy, thank you. Thank you, Jimmy. Florida GOP chair and State senator, Joe Gruber's. Joe. Thanks, Joe.
Is it a smelt? How's that for a memory, good? There's no problem there. Here's a smelt, it's a little tiny fish, and it's been having difficulty over the last -- long time. With water, without water, it's having difficulty, but they want to save the smelt. And in saving the smelt, they're destroying human lives, right, and they're destroying the farmers.
I think they're fine if you'd like to go short distances. If you want to take a trip, I don't think you want to do that. I don't recommend electric. Maybe someday, they'll be able to do it, but right now, they're not even close. So, we're going to end that immediately. We're going to end it Day 1. But we had remain in Mexico.
We got a teleprompter guy. We don't need that. We don't need that. So I started talking about illegal immigration, tremendous problem. I don't think this would be a problem that would even be discussed frankly, if we didn't do it and put it as part of our campaign. And we talked about bad trade, really bad trade.
Go ahead. Say a little prayer. That's good. That's good. Say a little prayer. Take your time. Take your time. Relax. Take your time. Thank you. We've got plenty of time, right? [Audience signs "Amazing Grace"] That was really something. I want to just thank everybody for the way you behaved. That was beautiful.
Sharon, those days will soon be over, because we'll end surprise medical billing once and for all. Where is Sharon? [Applause] Hi, Sharon. That's why they call it surprise billing. She got home and she was surprised. [Laughter] They sent you the bill, you opened it up, you thought it was going to be $25, and it was a little more than that, right? Yeah. That's great. Well, we're taking care of it. Thank you very much, Sharon.
As a candidate, Joe Biden has made yet another corrupt bargain in exchange for his party's nomination. He has handed control to the Socialists and Marxists and the lunatic left-wing fringe that are really running that party. He's not running -- let's face it, Joe is shot, OK, whether you like it or not.
And they're really far more cunning. [Audience chants "Feel the burn, Trump."; Audience boos]
It's a bold idea, she said, and it must be discussed. Now, she changed that a little bit, but with a politician, they always go back to their original thought. Harris and Biden waged war in American energy, opened up the Russian pipeline, Nord Stream 2 that I had closed, but shut down the Keystone XL pipeline that I had opened.
We were going to get out, but we were going to get out with strength and dignity. We were going to get out. They left, you know, $85 billion worth of brand-new equipment, brand-new beautiful military equipment. I rebuilt the military. They got equipment that I bought and they left it in Afghanistan. And do you know that Afghanistan, now the Taliban, Afghanistan is the second- or third-largest seller of military equipment in the world?
I wonder if they are campaign contributors. What do you think? You think? They probably gave to the Clinton Foundation. I guess, right? Just seems, just seems like that's what happened. If president -- thank you, darling. I love you too. If President Obama wanted to weaken America, he couldn't have done a better job.
Before I even arrive at the Oval Office shortly after we win the presidency, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled, and we will restore, as we had just four years ago, peace through strength. They respected our country, and they respected your president. I will support Israel's right to win its war on terror.
Young man. But the way they tried to destroy him, and they knew what they were doing. They knew. Dianne Feinstein with the lies and the leaks. The leaks. How about the leak? Did you leak it? Remember, right? You remember? Did you leak it? That was John Cornyn of Texas, did a great job. Just said, did you leak it? No, no, did we leak anything?
We're going to bring back sanity to our country. Gonna bring those jobs back. And we're not going to let the jobs go so easy. You know, I talk all the time about Ford and Carrier and Nabisco, where they leave and they move their plants to Mexico and other places and there's no consequence. There's going to be a big consequence.
Proud citizens like you, helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning winning.
How do you get 49% with 14 people? And they said, "He hasn't reached the 50% mark." Now, they're very dishonest people. So we ended up with 17 people, right? Don't forget, that's hard, because nobody else ever had a feel that big or that violent -- or that violent. Now we have a couple that didn't endorse and that's too bad.
I'm trying to figure that out, I'm still trying to figure that out. He said that the other night, I was an offensive lineman, I'm saying, really? That must have been a very small team. But I look at that and I look at what's happened and he turned out to be a disaster. This stuff happens. You know, look, I'm not happy with the Supreme Court.
And I believe they truly hate our country. When I'm back in the White House following the Eisenhower model, we will use all necessary state, local, federal, and military resources to carry out the largest domestic deportation operation in American history. And we have no choice. Some people won't like that.
Oh no, no, no, no. I was. I never did that. You know that.
You know, it's obsolete before -- if you're going to do it, you do the bullet train. You do the really fast deal. So it's obsolete before they start. But they had a way of doing it. They were going to show me -- the Governor -- a nice guy. A nice, young guy. Talking about forests -- clean up your forests; you won't have forest fires.
Did you hear that, Brandon? I don't think he's got your vote, right? He voted against money for you people. That's not good. And yet he voted for 87,000 of those IRS agents carrying guns. He voted no on the border wall. He voted against my Remain in Mexico. How good was that? I said to -- I said to the president of Mexico, "No, no, no, you have to do two things.
But what's happening is their leadership and what they've been doing to us for so many years; it's incredible that we can allow people to get away. We're not going to have a country. Our manufacturing is cut.
Whoever lived, you know, they took down a lot of our statues. They took down statues of some of the greatest people that we've ever had living. I stopped them from taking down Thomas Jefferson. They wanted to take the Thomas Jefferson Memorial. They wanted to rip the hell out of the statue inside. You can imagine who they were gonna put up. Let's get rid of Thomas Jefferson.
Now, also at stake in tomorrow's election are your Medicare benefits. That's a big deal. Democrats want to raid Medicare to find socialism. It won't last long. Republicans will protect Medicare for our great seniors who have earned it and, by the way, who have paid for it, just in case we forget. And Republicans will always protect Americans with pre-existing conditions.
And it's true. He would, he was, he was always a great campaigner, but he was, it was a good campaign, but it wasn't a vicious, violent campaign, right? But for me, he was vicious and violent. You just destroy people. So, I wanna, so I wanna, so I wanna thank you. I just see you sitting with your new beautiful wife, and I just wanna thank you. He's a great guy.
We have to save the American dream. For the world, we have to save the American dream because the world is laughing at us, and they're looking at us with ridicule. Unlike the radical left, our movement is not based on selfishly thinking only about ourselves and about the short term. Our movement is about life and legacy and the country that we want to pass on to our great grandchildren and all of future generations.
But they're not going to do and they're not going to take advantage of us without retribution. There are consequences when you fire thousands of people and move to another country and then think you're going to make your product and sell it in here. There are consequences. And those consequences are going to keep companies in our country.
We've had a good record of endorsements. In Georgia, a man who was down 10. I endorsed him a short while before the election -- good man, for governor -- and he won 70 to 30. So I guess he picked up 45 or 50 points. In Ohio recently there was -- he was up and then he went down a little bit. We went there, and he won. You know that, Balderson, good man, Congressman Balderson now, he won.
They excoriated her in today's editorial, excoriated her. And I give the Washington Post tremendous credit. I believe The New York Times did or is about to do the same thing. But when they're going after somebody, because they're far, far, it's not even left. Every single country that's done this -- it's been done many times because it's so easy to say, "I'm going to give you this.
Is he a natural or what? He's this -- everybody loves this guy. I love this guy. It's not my thing either, but I love him. He is a special character, that one. Are you enjoying it, Brian?
We're seeing the results all across the country. Already, unemployment is near a 16-year low. African American unemployment is at its lowest point since almost the turn of the millennium. Wages are rising. Optimism among manufacturers is at an all-time high. That's something I'm very proud of. And they're moving back. [Applause]
How about make America great again? I don't know, you know. It's great. It's great. But I still like give me liberty or give me death. That's great. See I want to get the word again off that eventually. You know, I want to get the word he just said you will, I will. It's not even going to be that hard.
Every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is in your hands. It really is. I mean, if you put these lunatics in charge any longer, we can't take it any longer. They're laughed at. They're laughed at by foreign leaders. They can't even believe it. They can't even believe it.
Pound for pound coal is the single most reliable, durable, secure and powerful form of energy. It's cheap, incredibly efficient, high density and it's almost indestructible. You could drop a bomb on it and it's going to be there for you to use the next day, which you can't say with any other form of energy.
We took her on, Comrade Kamala Harris. We took her on and we did really well. Every poll had us up, like, 90, 92, 87. We actually had 92 to 6, which sounds about right because now today, Rasmussen just came up and we were 6 points up. So, it's pretty good. We dismantled her terrible record. We exposed her radical liberal agenda, and we laid out our plans to quite simply make America great again.
We're going to end Common Core and we are going to bring it local. We are going to win with education. We're going to repeal and replace Obamacare. We're going to protect our Second Amendment and we're going to bring jobs back into this country like you've never ever, ever seen before. We're going to have a great, great economy again.
He's got to not only agree to not pack the Court, or you can't put 'em on. It would be terrible. Terrible for our nation. Even Justice Ginsburg said you can't do that. You can't have -- Nine is the right number. We have a Senate. We have a House. A lot of people. Nine is the right number. Nine great people.
I didn't, but I know a lot of people were working very hard on it, and I believe that the radical left Democrats just wouldn't hear about it. They wouldn't do anything about it. It's hard to believe. But we have to get a law, Kevin, that's even tougher than Kate's Law, and I think everyone's going to go for it now because the one good thing about what's happened, they've performed so badly, we'll be able to get the job done in an even stronger and faster manner than had they not -- had we not witnessed this carnage that's going on in our country right now.
They're trafficking women. They put them in the trunk of a car, they put them in the back seat, and they'd close it up, and you can't even breathe, and they bring them -- they bring them across the border. We had knocked it down cold. And now, it's at a level five times greater than it ever was before. Nobody's there to check.
It's going to hurt everybody. It's going to hurt the country. "How is that plant doing?" He said, "Sir, they've given it up because they think you're going to win, and they think you're going to tariff them. And they think they're going to lose their shirt. And, sir, they've given up that plant, it's not going to be built anymore."
I say it all the time. I'm dying to get back to do this. We will ultimately eliminate the federal Department of Education and send education back to Wisconsin and back to the states. We'll send it back to the states so that Ron Johnson can run it, OK? We'll send it back here. Mr. Tiffany, we'll get our Congressman Tiffany involved.
So horrible. And by the way, what about the others? What are they going to say things like she did? She said it never happened. She never met him. She don't even -- she didn't even know why she did it. And they tried to destroy a great man with a great, incredible family. A scholar, an intellect, she said it never happened.
He did it for me. So in one sense, I'm proud of it. Now all we have to do is find out whether or not it was real. [Crowd laughing]
This election is about keeping America safe, keeping America strong, keeping America proud, keeping America free. And this has been a historic week for our nation. And you know what I'm talking about. You know, all my life I've heard that a president's most important decision is who he or she picks for the United States Supreme Court.
You make things. It's work. It's the best jobs, it's the best job. You know about economic growth? There was 4.1% but two days ago, they raise it to 4.2%. Nobody thought that was possible. Unemployment claims are at an almost 50-year low, think of that.
Now, he's governor. Guess what? You think he cheats on elections? Oh, really? Steve Sisolak has signed a weak -- [Audience boos]
It looks brilliant. Jimmy Carter had a brilliant administration compared to Biden. He's the most corrupt president, the most incompetent president ever. I would never have said that, even though it's true, but out of respect for the office, I would never talk that way. But now, I do talk that way. He's a bad guy.
And my favorite chart of all, of course, some of you would understand what I mean, was the immigration chart because I looked over and I said, "Look at that chart." Boom. Does anybody know what I'm talking about? It's my all-time favorite chart. Man, am I lucky to show that chart? I said, "Let me see that chart.
We will repeal and replace Obamacare. Just, you know. Food stamps as you know, are up almost 300% in this area. Now, Pennsylvania used to provide and boy do I know this. Hey, how good is Ben? Big Ben. Do we love Big Ben? [Audience yells "Yeah"] Big Ben. I'm just saying because he's a friend of mine. I played golf with him a couple of times.
I want to see local people teaching your kids. I want people from New Hampshire, from Iowa, from South Carolina. I want to see local people taking care of your children's education and working instead of people from Washington, that in many cases, could not care less. So think of it. Jeb Bush, and just to use him as an example, because other guys are actually ahead of him in the polls by a lot.
I terminated it. And we have the USMCA, which is great. Great for us. And it makes it very, very tough. And the wall is almost complete. He [Laughs] says, "Build the wall." It's great. You know, they don't talk -- You know, the press doesn't talk about the wall anymore. Because it's all built. It's going to be very -- Very soon, it's going to be completed.
Thank you very much. Oh, you're so lucky. You people know real estate because they have -- all these rooms all over this beautiful building are packed, but you're here with us. Right? [Applause] And I say, packed with our people, so it's great.
Then there is the case of 90-year old Earl Olander, a Minnesota farmer who was brutally beaten by illegal immigrants and left to bleed to death in his home. Earl's body was found with his hands bound behind his back with duct tape. A blunt force injury to his head. His killers had criminal records but they did not meet the Obama administration's priorities for removal. [Booing]
For the sake of our freedom and for the sake of our children, we are going to work, we are going to fight and we are going to win, win, win. We will not bend. We will not break. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never surrender. And we will always fight on to victory.
And I'll tell you, honestly, there's more enthusiasm now. And this is fact, in fact they have a new thing. First of all, you know, we're working very hard when getting a third Supreme Court justice. I'm going to announce who that is. The only thing I'll say for the women, it will be a woman. Uh, oh, there are a lot of angry people.
In my first four years, we ended the disaster known as NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made in the history of our country and replaced it, everyone said, "You'll never be able to end it." We got it ended by Congress, right, Pete? [Audience cheers]
They put it into the Pacific Ocean, which for the Pacific Ocean is like a drop of water. But for California, it would have been unbelievable. So, we did it. I'm very proud of the fact that we did it. We did that against a lot of heat and a lot of environmental nonsense. From now on we'll ensure that our nation's critically needed coal plants, as an example, remain online and fully operational.
Wow. What a crowd. Thank you very much, everybody. Such an honor. With the snow coming down and it's a little cold outside and you have hundreds of people still outside trying to get in, but you know, we won't wait. We'll go ahead, right? Huh? We'll go ahead. First of all, congratulations to the Iowa State basketball team.
You're not going to have anything left. But only a party that cheats at elections would make it illegal to question those elections. That's the only ones that would really make it difficult. If you can't challenge a rigged election, think of it. We're not looking to do it. They don't go after the people that rigged the election.
I guarantee, November 4th. They'll say, "well, we've decided to open." They just want to keep the numbers down as much as possible. It's not gonna help them. Since April, we created a record 11.4 million jobs. Under Biden, it took 30 months to recover, more than half of the jobs lost to the crisis, we did it in five months.
And maybe we didn't get along, but it's not like he has a choice, he has a choice. And on top of that, it's a good choice, because we've done the right thing. And it is funny, you know, with the name. Mr. President. I have friends, really good friends, and they've always called me Don, Donald, D.J. They call me anything and you lose all your friends when you're president, because they're all afraid to talk to you.
Colorado we went, we went to Iowa, we were every place we've gone, New Hampshire, every place, we've gone. Just came out of South Carolina, you saw that. That was an incredible one. Right. Every place, every place that we've gone or been it's been amazing. I'd also like -- like to recognize and so important, a woman who's really helped us win North Carolina in 2016, and I have a feeling that this year, she'll even do better because she happened to grow up here.
I would get the electric chair. OK. They would say it's the electric chair. He threw out. Nobody even talks about it. But what he did is good because he said, "There's no way we're going to pay for the you know what? Wall." OK? Vicente, there's no way he said. And really angry and arrogant. He said -- and I love Mexico, I love the people of Mexico.
We are a nation that, in many ways, has become a joke, and we are a nation that is hostile to liberty, freedom, and faith. We are a nation whose economy is collapsing into a cesspool of ruin, whose supply chain is broken, whose stores are not stocked, and whose deliveries are not coming, whose educational system is ranked at the bottom of every single list.
But worldwide, I mean, we would have been selling oil and gas all over the world, especially with Asia because of where it's located, so Asia, all over the world, and they stopped it. But we'll start it up again very, very soon. We're going to get it very quickly. We'll get it approved again very quickly.
Other poles. They said I did great. Then I'm listening to some of the pundits, I won't use their name because actually some of them are getting better. You know, as I get higher and higher, we're doing great.
Under the previous administration, America's rich, natural resources, of which your state has a lot, were put under lock and key, including thousands of acres in Superior National Forest. You know what that is, right? Tonight, I'm proudly announcing that we will soon be taking the first steps to rescind the federal withdrawal in Superior National Forest -- [Applause] -- and restore mineral exploration for our amazing people and miners and workers, and for the people of Minnesota -- one of the great natural reserves of the world.
Cities like San supports, sanctuary cities like San supports, sanctuary cities like San Francisco, where Kate Steinle was Francisco, where Kate Steinle was Francisco, where Kate Steinle was murdered by an illegal immigrant murdered by an illegal immigrant murdered by an illegal immigrant deported at least five times thousands.
I -- I was going to call her and tell her that she did, but now I don't have to call her because she's going to be seeing this right now. [Laughter] So, to the president of Mexico: Thank you very much. I appreciate it. But we're going to do a great advertising campaign saying how bad it is, how drugs are so bad for you.
And he said, it is so nice to meet you. I said, nice to meet you, too. We started talking about different things. I said, what about drugs in China? Do you have a drug problem? No, no, no, we have no drug problem. Think of it. 1.4 billion people. No, no, no, we have no drug problem, I say. So how'd you pull that one off now?
Then you say well. But in some cases, that made you lucky, didn't it, huh? And some could, not too many people understand that in this room. But in some cases, waiting for that approval as the market collapsed was a good thing, not a bad thing. [Laughter] But it's time to reclaim our heritage as a nation of builders.
Every place I go, right? And I'm not too much on the motorcycles, right? But, but every place I go, there's hundreds of guys with motorcycles and they say we love you Mr. Trump. We love you. You know what they love? They want to see a strong country. They want to see a strong military. They want to see a strong everything.
There'll be no more oil, there'll be no more gas, there'll be no more nothing, there'll be no more industry, there'll be no more country, that's what it's saying really. [Audience Boos] And that would instantly shut down all fracking and all mining immediately in Pennsylvania, sending your jobs overseas, sending your money to somebody else, not you.
We've been building up our military. We spent $2.5 trillion in the last three and a half years, and we've never had anything like it in terms of equipment and all of the elements that we put together. Space Force, we're very proud of. Brand new. Nobody thought that could happen. So we spent 2.5 -- think of that, $2.5 trillion.
Big one. Sempra Energy is bringing billions of dollars back home to America right where it belongs. After years of rebuilding foreign countries, we are now rebuilding our country instead. As we continue to grow the industries of the future, we're training our workers for the jobs of the future.
I know it. It's so different what's happening to your beautiful place. No, I went to school here. And I loved it. I always loved it. But what's happening is so different. Kamala is so radical. She even wants to legalize fentanyl. She wants fentanyl to come in when one little drop, one little drop, can destroy you, which is pouring -- it's pouring across our borders at record levels, at levels that you've never seen before.
We need people with courage. He had no courage. He didn't want to be impeached. Sir, I don't want to be impeached. I said, "What's wrong with being impeached? I got impeached twice and my numbers went up." He wasn't a brave person. He wasn't a bad person. Now he sits back and pontificates and says, "Oh, Trump this and Trump that.
New Mexico will be one of the states hurt most by Obamacare. You see that with the numbers I just gave you unfortunately. And New Mexico families won't have enough money left to pay their bills or to get medicine for their children. You are amazing people I tell you. You're great people. You're great people.
But the Grimes Hill section of Staten Island which was really nice. I love Staten Island, and Tysons Park. And I worked on Staten Island for four summers. I love it. It's a great piece. Greatest people. These people are incredible people.
I'm there a year, a little more than a year, we're changing. [Cheering] We have to. We have a trade deficit. We have a trade deficit with all countries of the world. Listen to this number, if there's any children in the room, please close your ears.
So, we're all over the place, everywhere but where we should be. We have to be in our border. And I built -- in fact, it was today, they finally put it up. I built 571 miles of wall. That's a lot. That's much more than I said I was going to build. I then bought another 200 miles. That would have taken approximately three weeks.
In fact, it was nice. We loved it. When the electric gets hit with a little piece of water like this, you could drop it with a glass. That's the end of that system." I said, "So, you're saying it's so good. Why did they go to it?" "Because, sir, it goes back and forth, back and forth. But the only problem is, sir, it takes us 99 seconds to load it, so it doesn't help that it goes back.
Alice, thank you for reminding us that we always have the power to shape our own destiny. Inspired by stories like Alice's, my administration worked closely with members of both parties to sign the First Step Act into law. This legislation reformed sentencing laws that have wrongly and disproportionately harmed the African-American community.
If I want to go from South Carolina and compete in New York, you can't do it as a company. You can't do it. And I have many states, I mean many states have companies and many, many states and it's, it's impossible. The reason is the insurance companies took care of the guys I'm running against and others.
They're laughing at us. And you know what they're really laughing at? Kamala, because they can't believe that she's going to be president. They can't believe it. You talk about cognitive problems. She's got bigger cognitive problems than he has in my opinion. This is how we're going to end the era of inflation and mayhem, misery.
And the first thing that Biden did was sign 17 of the worst executive orders in the history of our country. And one of them Biden revoked that beautiful, wonderful travel ban and has surged refugee resettlement from the most dangerous countries in the world. The most dangerous terrorists in the world. They come into our country now with no problem, "Come on in. Love to have you." This is a sick culture and our country is a disaster and it's going to die before your very eyes if this craziness isn't stopped in so many ways.
You know, he sent them blankets and maybe some pillows. Did you send them pillows? So, the very same people who piously claimed to be defending democracy are the ones throwing open your borders, surrendering your sovereignty, defunding your police, prosecuting your politicians like nobody's ever seen before, by the way.
So that was years ago. And I was just thinking about it. I just thought about it on the trip over. I said, "You know, I'm going to Chicago and I want to tell the story," because it was, to me, a great story. Because you could fix this up so fast. Good leadership would be pretty easy to find. You have a lot of people right now, in the department.
Can you believe? No, can you believe? And they said and I'm only telling the strikers, we should be doing the same thing for our country, right? Right? Right? So my daughter was very impressed. And I mean, the whole thing took less than five minutes. And the actual number after tax -- I actually saved, would you -- I actually saved $20 million.
Count the other side. But all of that was only the beginning. Here's just some of the bold agenda that I will immediately implement when we become the 47th president of the United States. When we get back in the White House, I will totally obliterate the deep state. The deep State does exist, and they are bad.
And with me and my kids -- Let me tell you, my kids -- I'll tell you something though, it was very -- Lock them up. You should lock them up. Lock up the Bidens. Lock up Hillary. [Audience chants "Lock them up"] Lock them up. Can you imagine if my kids did what this guy Hunter is doing? Ivanka, oh my beautiful, my wonderfully Ivanka, she's an inno -- she's a good kid.
How about when you're looking at a permit, you've devoted millions and millions of dollars, and you go into that hearing, after years, and you have no idea if they're going to vote yes or no? And oftentimes, they vote no. So we're trying to end that. State and local regulations can easily add $200,000 to the price of a single home.
They're emptying their prisons. They're sending murderers, drug dealers, human traffickers and others just as bad to the United States. Let the United States take care of and remember it's called America Last. In April alone, over 175,000 illegal aliens were apprehended and mostly released. You know where they were released, right?
Instead of spending hundreds of billions of dollars to defend the borders of distant foreign countries. Under my leadership, we will defend our borders first. Three years ago, we had the safest border in the history of our country, and I will quickly do that again. As you know, I built hundreds of miles of wall and completed that task as promised.
We are not gonna allow it. We are going to tell it. You are going to have consequences. The states are not gonna put up with it anymore. Our federal government is going to help. We've built other countries at our expense. We have. So if they come in like they did in Indiana, where Mike Pence, by the way, is doing a great job, it's great.
No, it's a very serious thing. We have a very, very serious thing happening right now to our country. And I'll tell you who's leading it. These people back here, all of those cameras, they're leading it because they're letting her get away with murder. They're protecting her. They're protecting her. So we're tired of the lies, tired of the trivial politics, tired of being talked down to, look down upon and treated like second-class citizens.
To every American who is terrified that Joe Biden's catastrophic weakness will bring our country to ruin, and it's closer than it's ever been, I believe it's closer than ever to ruin, I believe it's closer than ever to World War 3. And I will stop World War 3. You will not have World War 3, I can tell you that.
I love you. I love you. Oh, do I love you too? You have no idea how much. Many Hispanic Americans have their roots in nations that have been destroyed, absolutely destroyed by these vile ideologies, and they don't want to see it happen here. And it can happen here. When I was campaigning originally in 2016 and in 2020, where we did much better than we did in 2016, but these are minor details, we used to talk about it and I would constantly talk about that the Hispanics, you know, when I talked about the border and you know, who the biggest fans of that, were the Hispanics, Latinos.
And I guess the -- the easiest way and the best way is on November 5th, you got to vote for Trump because we're not going to let it happen. We're not going to let it. [Applause] [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you very much. Thank you. [Audience member calls out "We want Trump."] Thank you. Oh, I love that young voice.
But he's been my friend from the beginning, right from the beginning. Uh, shall I tell them the story about what you said to me, Ben? The famous words. [Laughter] He was a very tough opponent. We were fighting it out. And we had actually 18 candidates, including me. And Ben came up to me, right after the first debate.
The Biden administration has been one shameful and embarrassing foreign policy disaster after another. And, you know, the former secretary of state, he said Joe's never made a good foreign policy decision. Biden cravenly lifted sanctions on Iran. Oh, Iran. Oh, I would have had a deal in one week, one week if I won.
I think even better. And that's Pete Hegseth, who is our Secretary of War, formerly Secretary of Defense. And, as you know, we decisively won World War I. We decisively won World War II, decisively, and everything in between and everything before it. We won everything, and then they had the brilliant idea of changing the name from war.
These are terminally ill people, and we are saving thousands of lives. It sort of worked out the opposite for some of these great laboratories because instead of having liability, they're showing it really works because you're bringing people that were going to be dead very soon, and you're bringing them back to life.
Basketball is a winner. Jack Nicklaus basketball is a winner. Jack Nicklaus basketball is a winner. Jack Nicklaus, total winner and Jack, you know in Ohio I total winner and Jack you know in Ohio I total winner and Jack you know in Ohio I mean to me having his endorsement so mean to me having his endorsement so mean to me having his endorsement.
I said don't do this, I threw it into a chapter and they come out with a story, Trump files back. Can you believe it? I negotiated the hell, like what I did to that Bank? Ay yay yay, that poor man. They see me walking down the street, they go, hey, hey, hey. But then I'm good at that stuff, you know, I'm really good at that stuff, but you have to use the laws to your advantage.
We had an open border policy. Anybody could come in, no matter what you were, no matter where you came from, no matter what you looked like, no matter what you were doing, no matter what you did, no matter how many people you murdered, you could come right into our country. We have murderers right now walking the streets.
Attorney General Alan Wilson, great family. Alan, thank you, Alan. Former Ambassador Woody Johnson and his incredible family, Suzanne and Woody. I don't know where the hell you are, but you're in. Hello, Mike. There's a man. He's the greatest buyer of ads in history, Mike Lindell. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike.
This means so much to me. And I will work as hard as I can to bring new opportunity to places in our country which have known it in a very, very long time.
They can buy whatever they want. We don't want hydrogen because they have some big problems. They blow up and you never see who is driving the car. You'd not recognize them. That's a big problem. They were telling me about, sir, I'm really liking hydrogen cars. I said, but isn't there a problem? Yes, they tend to blow up on occasion.
Can you believe that? Remember that beautiful November 8th? Don't get that confused -- don't get that confused with November 6th. I'll just mention it one more time, November 8th, was that a great, great day? That was the greatest political movement in the history of our country, maybe anywhere. And they never questioned me on that.
What's going on could kill this country. They have to do something with Section 230. It's time we stop talking about it and get it done. We passed record -- Because they wouldn't, they wouldn't be here if it weren't for Section -- We gave them this unbelievable gift of no liability and they've abused it.
Lynn Patton, she's been incredible. Lynn Patton. And tonight's honorees are so deserving. Mary Millben and CJ Pearson. Mary and CJ, congratulations. That's unbelievable. With the help of many of you in this room, we are going to win the South Carolina primary tomorrow night. Hey, this is exciting. Stick around.
Unless you want to take nice pictures of what's happening. So we'll have almost four -- probably more than 400 miles built by the end of next year. It's under construction now. And I'm taking from here -- . We're all over the place. We're taking -- Army Corps of Engineers is doing a great job, but we're building a lot of it. It's already started, and it's -- a lot of it's being done.
Open them up. Watch on November 4th, November 4th, all these Democrat Governors that have lockdowns, right? You know, I always said, I said right at the beginning. I think it was me that came out first. You know they're probably going to say, 20 years ago somebody said the same thing, but I said the cure cannot be worse than the problem itself.
You beat me. He actually beat me to it. Not Milley, not others, I won't say, but you get to know them after a while. But we have great warriors in there. Raisin Cain, right? What's your name, sir? My name is Cain. What's your first name? Raisin, sir. I said, wait a minute. Your name is Raisin Cain? Yes, sir.
They were ready to make a deal. We would have made the greatest deal ever. They would have never had a nuclear weapon. They would have been actually happy about it. But this group came in and allowed them to get rich and allowed them to dictate the terms. And it was a really terrible thing. I promised to appoint true conservative justices to the United States Supreme Court, and I did that, three of them, and over 300 federal judges.
James works with schools, churches, family members, and friends to deescalate conflicts and stop violence before it happens. A very dangerous thing he does, but he's not afraid. You're not afraid, are you, James? It's just a day in the office, right? Stand up again, James. That's pretty -- that's not easy. [Applause]
Now we had 16, 500 Border Patrol agents who are unbelievable people. Who if they didn't endorse me would have a much easier job, because all they have to do is stand there and people walk right through them. Right? With me they're gonna stop people from coming into our country. OK? They're gonna stop them. And they're not gonna have to work that hard because of the wall. I asked them, How important is the wall?" They said
We are a nation that, in many ways, has become a joke. We are a nation that is hostile to liberty, freedom, faith, and even God. We are a nation whose economy's collapsing into a cesspool of ruin, whose supply chain is broken, whose stores are not stocked, whose deliveries are not coming, and whose educational system is ranked at the bottom of every single list.
Her plan will tax many small business -- businesses who are already in deep trouble out of business. Then we have -- we will make -- and this is so important, this was an Ivanka Trump, OK? My daughter, so great. [Applause]
It doesn't matter how we win. We have to win this battle to save our country. Our country is going so bad. Under Kamala's high-cost energy policies, Pennsylvania electricity prices are already up 50 percent and are projected to more than double in the years ahead. Year and a half, they expect to be doubled.
In America, Carlos took jobs as a newspaper delivery boy, a factory worker and eventually became a New Jersey police officer. Then in 1998 Carlos switched careers and moved to Virginia where he took over his first McDonald's. Where's Carlos? Is he around here? Let me see. Come on, stand up. Stand up and your son too.
Like, what are you going to speak?" I said, "I don't know. I don't know." [Laughter] He said, "I just heard that you have the biggest crowd in the history of CPAC. They're all over. By the way, not only in this giant room. They're in many hotel rooms all over the place. You're just better at real estate than they are." [Laughter] True.
I have to agree that we have to work very quickly. But unfortunately for seven months and now really for two months after that, you're not going to be working. You're going to be in the world of politics, and they'll be saying, what a wonderful thing it is that they're destroying our country. How anybody can say what they say is unbelievable.
But in the meantime, even if he didn't, even if he didn't, we got our hostages back. There's been no more missile testing. There's been no more rockets flying over Japan. There's been no more nuclear testing. And we have a good feeling. He likes me, I like him. Who knows what's going to happen?
We were energy independent, soon to be energy dominant. We were leaving Afghanistan with dignity and strength, not surrender and death. We had a completely rebuilt military with the addition of space force. And by the way, in Afghanistan, we left, I think it was the lowest day in the history of our country.
And let's see what happens. Let's see what happens because they catch him now, and then they release him, the Democrats. In El Paso this month, three illegal aliens were arrested for the brutal murder of a 28-year-old man after shooting him multiple times and dumping his body on the side of the road. And last year, in Harris County, two illegal alien MS-13 animals were convicted of kidnapping three teenage girls, raping them, and sadistically murdering the 15-year-old girl in a horrific, satanic ritual.
I will be your greatest champion in the White House. Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, only fights to protect the corrupt political establishment. You know? Do you ever notice -- she is talking now about immigration, and schools, and education -- she's been there for 30 years; she hasn't done anything.
That's true. I've watched him and I said, boy, he's tough.
That's right. But no, because the people are demanding it, the people of Texas are demanding it. The people are demanding it all over. So anyway, so we built it and they wouldn't let us use it/ They wouldn't let the governor use it and other governors, they wouldn't let them use it, but he was the leader of the pack and did a great job.
And it also creates additional, because, if you noticed, I think we saw $1.75 for gasoline today, coming in. I like to do that; I'm one of these guys. [Applause] I'm riding in this incredible car, and I'm driving, and I'm looking at gas stations to see how much is the gas. How many other Presidents -- you think Hillary Clinton would have done that?
So we have the greatest, right now when I took it over was totally depleted. It was gone. Right now, we have the greatest military we've ever had, the greatest equipment by far we've ever had. If Kamala and Biden are ever elected, this recovery will come to a total shutdown to use their word permanently.
This is a 1929, where people were jumping off buildings. This is a 1929. And it took 25 years to recover from that mess. And I always said, I said it before, the one president I don't want to be under any circumstances is Herbert Hoover, and that was done by bad tax policy simultaneously with lifting all sorts of other things.
Those days are gone, and we're not going back. As you know, one of the key insights of economics is the power of incentives. Unlike past leaders, my goal is to ensure that this power works for America's favor and for America's workers and for America's companies. We want the incentives created by our tax, trade, regulatory, and energy policies to be pro-growth, pro-worker, and 100 percent pro-American.
It's amazing. Hillary got rich selling your jobs to the same special interests who pushed the jobs out of America, are the people who have given countless millions to her. She's not gonna change. Hillary gets rich making America poor. Look at the devastation here. Delphi laid off 3,627 workers. You know that. And you know where they moved? Different places. Most of those jobs went to Mexico.
You know, she talked about the grass, "What are you going to do about the economy?" "Well, I grew up in an area where I had a grass yard." Saying -- I actually think in a certain way, Biden was better than her, OK? But -- but, you know, you had David Muir, and he -- I said, "Crime is soaring all over our nation. The migrants are pouring in."
I talk about tax cuts. They say, "No, we want to raise your taxes." You know, they're vicious and they stick together. But they're lousy politicians, I will tell you. It's true. They got two things. They've got two things: They stick together and they're vicious. Their policies are horrible: open borders, sanctuary cities, take everyone's guns away. [Audience Boos]
I'm asking you to dream big, to push for bold change and to believe in a movement powered by our love for each other and our love for our country. [Applause]
But you have ISIS, and you have Iran. They have the oil. That's what's going to happen. And as sure as you're sitting there or standing there, I will tell you, they're taking the oil, and Iran is taking the country of Iraq. Iran made one of the greatest deals I've ever seen made because our lawyers, our negotiators are incompetent, grossly.
That's what -- they use that term. I said, are you allowed to use that term? They said, "Yeah, that term is acceptable." That's strange. It'll be wiped out pretty soon, so I'll say it quickly and emancipate. But this person in a man's body broke the record by 38 seconds. I don't think, Linda McMahon, that one will be broken too fast, right, by women.
Well, it's totally brutal. I mean, you can do something that's, you know, just fabulous, it's perfect, everything's great, and then they end up giving you bad news and bad stories, bad coverage. It's the single greatest pile-on. They say -- this isn't me saying it, this is other people, and even news organizations -- the single greatest pile-on. Despite that, you just saw the crowd we had outside.
You have to look very closely. A man got on television yesterday said "This is probably the greatest economic day in the history of our country." And the papers barely even put it in. It's called suppression. Surprise and Joe Biden will shut down your economy. Well you're already shut down in Pennsylvania.
And longer than that. In all fairness to Obama long before Obama. It was called NAFTA. It was signed by Bill Clinton. And it didn't affect Bill Clinton but it affected everybody that followed Bill Clinton. And believe me, folks. It has been a disaster for this country. When I won New York State and Pennsylvania, when I won Maryland and Connecticut and Rhode Island and when I won all of these states and then won Indiana.
Do you ever see where they ask him a question and then he starts reading, that means he has the answers to -- I never saw anything like what's going on in my entire life. They asked -- How about -- Did you see that, a week ago he said, move it up [Inaudible] close, I can't read the damn answer. They -- This is the fake news, I've been saying it.
I had it stopped, and I approved the Keystone XL pipeline, also the Dakota Pipeline. By the way, isn't it nice to have a guy that doesn't need teleprompters to tell this story? [Audience responds affirmatively] Thank you. I'm going through all these names -- and it's not part of my thing. I'm going through all these names.
And the bottom line, we're changing it. We're going to make it much better, we're going to make it less expensive. We're going to make it much better.
We've got to change our way. Merit system. I want merit system. Because you know what's happening? All of these companies are coming into our country. They're all coming into our country. And when they come in, we need people that are going to work. I'm telling you, we need workers now. We need workers. [Applause]
For example, we're opening up short-term plans that are much cheaper than Obamacare and that can be customized to your individual needs. We're also offering association health plans that allow small businesses to pool together and offer more affordable policies to the employees. These are tremendous options that didn't exist before we came into office.
There is no more urgent task for the future of our country than to stop the invasion on our southern border. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Two years ago, we had the strongest southern border in American history by far. Now it is the worst border, I believe, anywhere in the world. There's no third-world country that would allow what's happening here to happen to them.
That is exactly what we will do. We will go on to victory. We will summon the spirit of generations of American patriots before us. Like those heroes who crossed the Delaware, conquered the Rockies, stormed the beaches, won the battles, and tamed the unknown frontiers, we will persist and we will prevail.
Where's Uncle Sam? Here's your pen back. Thank you. Uncle Sam. You got it, man. Oh, that's nice. Secret Service -- [Audience chants "Trump"] Secret Service doesn't love that stuff. You understand? They're not in love. They're looking like, "What's he's doing? Don't do this." But it's Uncle Sam, right?
And remember this, what happened in 2016, and what's happening even more so now, I believe, because I've produced, and people see I produced, one of them said, "He made a lot of promises and he actually produced more than he made promises."
We can't even supply the electric now without every car. As you'll hear me say in a couple of minutes, they don't go far enough. They cost too much money. They got every problem, and remember, the batteries are all made in China, but you'll hear me say it in a second. I don't want to repeat myself so I'll say it in a second, and trigger rolling blackouts all across your state like they're having in California.
We passed record tax cuts and regulation cuts nobody's ever done more. More than anybody else has ever done. To keep our family farms in the family, we virtually eliminated the unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax. So if you die in a hundred years from now, and you have children who you love, as opposed to children that you can't stand -- Is anybody here have children that they don't like or perhaps can't stand?
Unemployment was just -- it was terrible, it was out of control. Then he -- and the previous Republican governor, good guy. They -- the job they have done has been absolutely astounding. It's one of the reasons I picked it, maybe the primary reason. Now I'm seeing the incredible job he did.
And we have such power over China. Because we're the piggy bank that they're stealing from and destroying. And there are other countries, not just China. China is the biggest and the best abuser. Mexico's gonna be a smaller version of China. They already are. So many companies are leaving here and moving to Mexico.
Act of love, huh. This thinking, we got to get rid of these politicians, folks. So I said, what's the trade balance? What are -- how are we doing with Mexico? And that number was $45 billion a year we lose, $45 billion. We have a -- and that doesn't include all the illegal drugs that come in which is a much bigger number.